Disclaimer: This file is generated using OCR (optical character recognition) and/or HTR (handwritten text recognition), which are technologies that convert images of text into text. While the technologies are good at deciphering legible text, there are limitations and some text may not have been extracted correctly.
A treatise on the principles of pleading in civil actions under the New York Code of Procedure
A TREATISE ON THE PRINCIPLES OF PLEADING,' IN,CIVIL ACTIONS,UNDER THE NEW YORK CODE OF PROCEDURE.
1l' ~t·,CIVIL,ACTIONS UNDER TIIe NEW YORK CODE OF PROCEDIIUE1E.,BY G. VAN SANTVOORD,,CUElSELLOB AT LAW. ALBANY: LITTLE AND COMPANY,,1852. I-R E A T I S E,A TREATISE,OM THE PRINCIPLES OF PLEADIN'G,IN,C- ? % ;p ,,
1/t,Entered according to Act of Cougress, in the year 1852, by,0. VAN SANTVOORD, i ithel Clr-k's Ofice otho DItrlot Oourt dfthe Southorn DIstrict of New York. Printed by 0. W. BENEDICT, 201 Wlliam Street, N. Y.
CONTENTS.,CHAPTER I. OF PLEADING IN GENERAL. SEe:. 1. Origin and History of Pleading, SEC. 2. Pleading as it existed before the Code, SEC. 3. General Changes effected by the Code, SEC. 4. Of the Rules to determine the sufficiency,the Pleadings under the Code,,CHAPTER II. OF THE PARTIES 10 AN ACTION. SEC. 1. The Appearance of the Parties, SEC. 2. Who are the proper Parties Plaintiff, SEC. 3. Who are the proper Parties Defendant,,22 31 36 of,52 72 82 - 103
CONTENTS. CHAPTER III. OF JOINDER OF ACTIONS.,CHAPTER IV. OF THE COMPLAINT. SEC. 1. The Title of the Complaint, 130 SEC. 2. The Statement of Facts, - - 133 SEC. 3. The Demand for Relief, - 212 SEC. 4. The Verification, - - - 218 SEC. 5. Supplemental Complaint, - - - 224,CHAPTER V. OF THE ANSWER. SEC. 1. General Nature and Use of an Answer, SEC. 2. General and Specific Denial of the Plaintiff's,Allegations, - - - SEC. 3. The Statement of New Matter in the Answer,' SEC. 4. Counterclaim, nature of, and when and how SEC. 5. SEC. 6.,Pleaded, - The Verification to the Answer, - - Sham, Irrelevant, and Frivolous Answers and,Defences, - - - - SEC. '; Supplemental Answer,,230 240 252,.4 297 314 320 328 -
CHAPTER VI. OF THE REPLY. SEc. 1. Nature and Use of the Reply, and how,Pleaded, - - - 335 SEC. 2. Verification of the Reply, - - - 356 S.c. 3. Frivolous and Supplemental Reply - 357,CHAPTER VII. OF THE DEMURRER. SEc. 1. Nature and Use of the Demurrer, - 3-64 SEC 2. What Matters in the Complaint may be De-,murred to, - - - - 371 SEC. 3. What Matters in an Answer or Reply may be,Demurred to, -404 SEC. 4. Grounds of Demurrer, how to be Stated, - 415 SEc. 5. Object on when may be taken by Answer, when,by Motion or Demurrer, and when deemed Waived, - - - - 422 SEC. 6. Frivolous Demurrer and Practice thereon, - 430,CHAPTER VIII.,OF THE ISSUE. SEC. 1. Issues of Law and of Fact, - 436 SEC. 2. How and where Issues are to be tried, - 447 SEC. 3. Effect of the Pleadings, and what Facts deemed,Admitted, - - - 464 SEC. 4. How Pleadings to be construed, -472 SEC. 5. Special Rules applicable to Pleadings, - 477,cosTtca',
CHAPTER IX. OF AMEr;DMENTS, VARIANCES, AND MISTAKES IN PLEADING. SEC. 1. Amendments in general, how and when allowed,,and on what terms, - - - 490 SEC. 2. Variances between Pleading and Proof, . 519 SEc. 3. Defects in Pleading when and how aided, - 529
INTRODUCTION. IN presenting for the favorable consideration ox the profession a treatise on the system of pleading in civil actions as modified by the Code of Procedure, a brief explanation of the object and design of the work will not be inappropriate.,The idea of undertakiLg a task of the kind, pre- sented itself to the author as the suggestion first, of his own immediate wants in the daily practice of the profession; and, second, as a suggestion arising from the wants of that large class who are engaged in a course of elementary study preparatory to entering upon the practice of law. From his own experience, the author was entirely satisfied of the utility and general convenience to the practising lawyer of a treatise exclusively confined to the subject of plead- ing, and presenting at one view the general features of pleading, under the former practice both at law and in equity, with the modifications and changes effected by the Code, the principles governing the,2,:-. Y
new system, the rules now applicable thereto, and a reference to, and analysis of, the decision made by the Courts in illustration and explanation of those rules and principles. Such a work, if properly exe- cuted, the author was satisfied, from his own wants and experience, might be of much utility, as a book of reference to the profession generally.,Still more so to the law student, might such an elementary work be deemed of use and service as an introductory study to the science of pleading, and as a guide to indicate the extent and nature of the changes made in that science by the Code. There is scarcely a more perplexing subject for one entering upon the study of the law, than that which embraces the system and 'science of pleading as it now exists, nor one which requires more accurate and careful study to master. Under the old system, as it heretofore prevailed in this State, mingling as it did much of a useless form and frivolous technicality, with much of that substantial logic and sound reason which must always characterize any system so long as legal distinctions are preserved, the study though difficult, was accurate and systematic, and the land- marks of the science clearly and distinctly defined. the authorities had been so carefully collated, and so thoroughly digested, both in the digests themselves, ·and in elementary works on pleading, that if pa- tience and industry only held out, one was certain in 10
time to grasp the entire subject. There could be no mistake in the way of acquiring this knowledge. The ablest writers on law had treated of, and, per- haps, exhausted the subject.. The student could con- sult, among others, on pleading at law, such writers as Chitty, Gould and Stephen. In Equity, Lube, Cooper, Mitford and Story. Nor were precedents, in every conceivable variety and form, wanted to illus- trate the subject, and assist him not only in its ac- quisition, but in its practical application.,All this is now changed. At the very outset one is embarrassed in selecting the proper course to pur- sue, or the immediate study to enter upon, in acquir- ing a practical knowledge of the science of pleading under the Code. The very first provision that meets us at the threshold is, the provision of the code; " all the forms of pleading heretofore existing are abolih ed; and hereafter' the fomn of pleading and ike rules y ]which the uffiiene y of the pleadings is to be determined shall be those which are prescribed in this act." Am. Code, § 140.,Under this provision, it would seem as idle to place in the hands of the student, a volume of Chitty, or Stephen, of Cooper or Story, with a view of his obtaining from them alone a knowledge of pleading at law and in equity, as it would be to place in his hands an elementary treatise 'on . Ue and rhuts.,,11
with a view of his becoming master of that branch of the law as aow Codified by the Revised. Statutes.,-: or does the Code itself furnish the desideratum. It abolshes but it does not reconstbuct'; it tears down an old system, but it does not build up a inew and complete one in its place, It lays the foundation, it is true, simplei broad and strong, but it leaves the edifice to be erected; it sketches, boldly and distinct- ly the outlines but does not fill out and complete the picture.,It is not true then, as one on a cursory glance might be led to suppose, that the main rzues of plead- ing,; founded as they are in sound logic and solid reason,'are utterly abolished, though the forms may be; nor that the study of' the elementary writers above mentioned, and of others who have treated' upon this subject, and the authorities which estab- lish, and the decisions which illustrate the principles of pleading under the old system, are to be wholly discarded in acquiring a thorough knowledge of the new.,It is undoubtedly true, thati everything technical and formal has been swept away, and that many im- pOrtant ,changes. in other respects have been made by the Code; but much of what was substantial and solid still remains ; and it is also true, that a know- ledge of the fundamental principles on which the former systems, both at law and in equity, were,12
knowledge of the subject. The main difficulty to:the lawyer in his piactice is in the adaptation of these principles to the new system. The main difficulty to the student is in determining for himself the pro- per course of study and investigation-the starting point of inquiry-arising from his ignorance or doubts of the nature and extent of the changes introduced by the Code, and how much of the old and well es- tablished theory is still applicable to the new prac- tice.,It is the object and design of the present work, in some humble degree, to supply, partially at least, this want of the profession. The following pages it is hoped will prove of service and utility, not only to the student, as an elementary book, in furnishing to him facilities for, and assisting him in, the right pro- secution of his studies in this branch of the law, but to members of the profession generally, as a book of easy reference to: established precedents and recog- nized principles of pleading; both under the former practice and under the Code.,The importance of the subject is such, certainly, as to justify its consideration in the form proposed. The Commissioners of the Coae say, they consider the change in pleading to be the key-note 6f the reforms recommended by them, without which they would despair of effecting any very useful or practical re-,toBIwtolo .
forms. We may regard this, therefore, as the most important, as it is the most radical and extensive of the changes made; and it has, for this reason, been deemed proper to treat it as an entire subject, eparate in itself, and distinct from the subject of practice under the Code. Nor is it pretended that in the fol- lowing pages the subject has been exhausted, or the entire ground fully explored. To do t.:' would lead us far beyond the limits marked out. A full and comprehensive view of the whole subject would re- quire the discussion of principles drawn from almost every branch of the law. In order to frame a plead- ing correctly under the new system, not only the rules of pleading, properly speaking, but the legal princi- ples:involved in the action, and upon which the re- lief depends, must be thoroughly understood. The forms and precedents, to which, like the bed of Pro- crustes, under the old system, every cause of action was made readily to conform, are now abandoned. The pleader must state his/acts; and the facts must be such, and such only, as constitute a single good cause of action. The question that meets him on the threshold is, What facts constitute a good cause of action ? and, without the aid of any form or precedent to guide him, this question must be satisfactorily answered before he can safely take the first step in. pleading. It is evident, therefore, that the science of pleading comprises something more than a mere 4
system of rules respecting the mode and manner of making allegation in a cause..,Most members of the profession will no doubt agree that 'it requires a better lawyer to frame the pleadings correctly under the Code, than under the old system.,Take one of the most simple and familiar cases-r that of an action of trover, at common law. Almost every variety of case in trover might be properly adapted to the old form, namely,-that the plaintiff A, was possessed, as if his own property, of a certain chattel which he casually lost, and which afterwards came into B's hands by finding. But, the said B, (although often requested) has not returned the same, but has converted it to his own use, &c. No request was, perhaps, ever made, and no loss or finding was necessary to be proved, and yet the pleading was .theoretically good; and the plaintiff was allowed to show any state of facts to prove that the defendant- had converted, or sold, or destroyed, or was exercis- ing unlawful dominion over the property. Under the new practice, the facts alone must be stated. A de- mand is not necessary to be averred except when necessary also to be proved, or rather when the facts in the complaint show that such demand must be proved to sustain the action. In what cases, therefore, it may be asked, is a demand necessary to be alleged in an action which would have been formerly trover,
or-in an action to recover personal property ? This question, often a nice and difflcult question of law, it Will be seen, must be first satisfactorily solved before the pleading can be correctly drawn; for no general form. of pleading can meet every variety of case, par- ticularly where it may be desirable to verify it by the oath of the party.,A full consideration, therefore, of the subject of the science of pleading might be said to embrace the dis- cussion of the principles of law on which the action is grounded, and which determine the kind and measure of relief.,The present Treatise, of course, attempts no such wide range, and to accomplish no such ambitious design. It professes merely to consider and dis- cuss the new principles of pleading (as distinct from practice) adopted by the Code, and to refer to, and comment upon, the adjudicated decisions thereon; and also to compare these principles and decisions with the established principles and adjudicated cases before the. Code. It professes also to consider and note the changes effected by the Code, and to discuss and point out the rules which now exist, to test the sufficiency, of the pleadings; to apply these rules in detail to the various pleadings on the part of either party-the complaint, the answer, the reply, the de- murir-and to compare the nature, object, and use, as well as the mode and manner of allegation, of each ·16
:of these pleadings, with, its corresponding pleading under the former law or equity system; and finally to consider the effect of the pleadings and the rules for the construction thereof under the Code, together with some question of a practical nature connected therewith. This will be found in the main to com- prise the entire scope of the work. It is, of ;course, from the nature of the subject, and the changes made by the Code, essentially different from any former treatise on pleading; and from its generality, em- bracing as it does the subject of pleading, both at law and in equity, must be in many other respects far ,from complete.,It is believed, however, to present a full and cor- , rect view of the main features of the new system; together with such of the former general rules of pleading, as ale applicable to that system, and as do not conflict with the provisions of the Code and the adjudicated cases thereon.,The propriety of accompanying the volume with a collection of improved precedents of pleading, adapt- ed to the text, and drawn in conformity with the principles there laid down, has be3n suggested, and at first recommended itself to the judgment of the author; but on reflection the design was abandoned. Pleading, as we have seen, is a matter of substance and not of form, under the Code. It does not rest upon technical rules and formulas, but upon those,17
broader legal principles which determine the right of action, the measure and kind of relief, and the nature of the evidence which sustains it. Every right of action, involving, as it does, different legal principles, and being based upon different facts and circum- stances, may require a different form of statement; and no collection of precedents, however extensive it might he, would be sufficient to furnish a form for every kind of remedy sought in our courts. Under the Code, precedents are, in general, to be invented, and cannot in all cases be prepared beforehand for use. The pleader is required to understand thelegal principles on which his action is based, the evidence necessary to support it, the general rules of pleading, and make his forms for himself. It is not, however, meant by this, that a collection of approved prece- dents of pleading, under the Code, might not be of considerable utility, not only in practice, but also in illustration of the principles discussed in the text. On the contrary, the author has no' doubt such a collection, if carefully and correctly made, would be useful and serviceable, and might moreover tend to establish a uniformity in the language of an ordinary pleading, .which would certainly be desirable to counsel, and tend to facilitate business in court.,Should the wants of the profession require, and the approval of the present work justify, such a col- 18
lection of precedents and forms of pleading, it can be readily supplied hereafter.,The references to the reported decisions cited in the work will be found to include most, if not all the adjudicated cases published since the Code went into effect, bearing upon the subject under discussion, or calculated to illustrate it. These references are brought down to, and include the recently published decisions contained in the following reports: IV. Comstock, Court of Appeals. X. Barbcur, Su- preme Court Reports. IV. Sandford, Superior Court. VI. Howard, Practice Court, and Vol. I, new series of the Code Repcrter.,NEw YORK, Sptember lat, 1852.,]· *, "\ · '),,19
CHAPTER 1. OF PLEADING IN GENERAL PiEADING, in general, signifed at common law, the allegations of parties to suits when they are put into a proper legal form. It was in strictness no more than setting forth that fact, which, in law, showed the justice of the demand made by the plaintiff, or the discharge and defence made by the defendants,In Equity, also, pleading signified nothing more than the written allegations of the respective parties, containing the facts of the case (in a due legal form) on which the one party founded his title to relief, or the equitable aid of the Court, and the other his di- charge and defence..,In the present chapter, treating of the general na- ture of pleading under the former, as well as under our present, system,rthe subject will be considered in the following order:,1. Origin and history of Pleading. 2. Pleading as it existed before the Code. 3. General changes effected by the Code. 4. Of the rules to determine the sufficiency of Pleadings under the Code.,Bacon Abr. Title Pleading.,` Story Eq. PI. § 4.
SECTION I. ORIGIN AND U.STOBY OF PLEADING. TiE system known by the name of pleading is of remote antiquity. Mr. Stephen, in a note to his Treatise on Pleadin, . es the origin and meaning of the wordplea. I: sinks it of Norman origin, derived perhaps from mne Roman placitum, the name applied to the rescripts of the Emperors, and the ju- dicial decisions of the Roman empire. It was an- ciently used to signify suit or action; but within the meaning of the later English law is taken in its more restricted sense of malcing allegation in a cause.,The pleadings in equity, it is said, were probably borrowed from the civil law, or from the canon law, (which is a derivative from the civil law) or from both. Hence, at almost every step there may be traced coincidences between the pleadings and prae- tice in Chancery, and the pleadings and practice in a Roman suit and in an Ecclesiastical suit.,These two modes of pleading, however, from the earliest period were kept separate and distinct, and still are to this day in England, and most of' the States in the Union, where the common law and equity are administered, if not in different tribunals, yet under different folrms of proceeding. The Code,Note 1, Appendix. Story Eq. PI. § 14, and see note to this section, tracing an out- line of the proceedings in suits under the civil and canon law.,[CH. I. 22
of Procedure of New York attempts to unite and blend them together.,Anciently, the appearance of the parties in court in actions at law, was an actua} appearance, and the pleading was an :ora, altercation in open court, in presence of the judges. This mode was in use in the reign of Henry III., and written pleadings, it is sup- posed, were- not introduced till about the middle of the reign of Edward II1W,It was the office ps the judge to superintend this oral contention, and to compel the pleaders so to manage their alternate allegations, as at length to arrive at some specific oint or matter affirmed on the one .ide and denied on the other. This result being attained, the parties were said to be at Issue. ..If the issue proved to be one of law, it fell to the judges to decide; if of fact, the parties referred it to one of the various modes of trial then practised, or to such trial as the court should think proper.?,The change of oral pleading in open court for that of written statements, led to no departure from the ancient style of allegation. The pleadings ever since continued to be framed upon the same principles and to pursue the same forms as when they were oral.,Pleading is said to have been first, methodically formed, and cultivated into a science, in the reign of Edward I. From that time the judges began to pre- scribe and enforce certain rules of statements, of which some had been established at periods considerably more remote, and others apparently were then, from time to time, first introduced.8 A modern writer,' Steph. on PI., 123.,28 ' 3 Reeves, 95.,2 teph. Pi. 24..
thinks the science was in a state of progressive arl vance till the reigns of Henry VI. and Edward IV.;' when it was " cultivated with so much industry and skill, that it was raised to a sudden perfection in the course of a few years."' But Lord Coke, and Sir M. Hale, refer to the reign of Edward II. as the period when pleading had attained its highest point of excel- lence. The latter complains that the judges and pleaders had become "somewhat too curious, and that the science had degenerated from its primitive simplicity." The " trivial niceties" and prolixity of which he complains, are abuses that continued to ex- ist till long after his day, and though in modern times much checked and discouraged, were never entirely extirpated.?,Pleadings being thus modified, from time to time, by the application of a variety of arbitrary and tech- nical rules, were gradually moulded and refined through the course of centuries, into that system of special pleading, peculiar to the English common law, form which our own system was derived.,It was a feature of this system that. every cause of action had its appropriate form of remedy, and each form its rules peculiar to itself The origin of these different forms of action is a curious portion of the history of English jurisprudence, and it may not be uninteresting or unprofitable here, briefly to notice this branch of the subject, as it will serve in some - degree to account for and explain the difference,which existed from the earliest periods between the pleadings and practice at law and in equity.,Appendix to Steph. PL. Note 35. ' 3 Reeves, 424.
It has been well observed that in strictness, there were rot. 'nd could not be distinct systems of law and of' ntty. They were more' properly, distinct systen . ' pleading and practice.1 Both originally. issued from the same source, and were based upon the same laws. Thus, actions at law, in the earliest ages of English jurisprudence, and. before the system which we now call equity was established, were commenced by the issuing of what was afterwards known as oigi. nal wit, technically termed brevia. These writs were issued on the petition and application of the suitors out of Chancery. The Chancellor, deriving his power from the Crown, as the head and fountain of justice, administered legal redress in all cases. On the application of a suitor, the Chancellor, instead of administering the relief himself, issued an original writ under the great seal, in the King's name, direct- ed to the Sheriff of the county where the injury was alleged to have been committed, containing a sum- mary statement of the cause of complaint, and re- quiring the party to do justice, or to appear before some of the king's judges or courts, to whom the writ was directed, and who were authorized by it to de- termine the controversy between the parties. Thus, the writ was in substance a commission from Chancery to an inferior tribunal, to hear and determine the claim, instead of its being heard in the first instance by the Chancellor himself. It was regarded as es- sential to the due institution of the suit, and as giving,See Const. Debates, pp. 441, 2 and 3. Argus Ed. ' Their use may be traced as far back as the time of Honry II., and they are generally supposed to have been of Norman extrac- tion.,3,25
jurisdiction to the Court in which the defendant was directed to appear. These writs were conceived in fixed and certain forms, and differed from each other according to the nature of the injury they were de- signed to redress. In the course of time they came to have the effect of limiting and defining the right of action itself, so that no cases were considered within the scope of judicial remedy, but those to which the language of some known writ was found to apply. It was soon found, however, that cases of injury arose, for the redress of which no known precedent, or form of action, could be found; accordingly a statute was passed in the reign of Edward I., authorizing the clerks of Chancery to issue new writs as occasion might re- quire; under this statute many writs were issued, which being analogous to writs of r'eas&s, were de- nominated trespa.s on the case.,It was supposed at one time there were fifty-nine of these different original writs, or forms of actions, in use. They were, however, much reduced in num- ber, from time to time. At the adoption of the Code, in this state, there were but ten forms of per- sonal actions. No new writ had been invented for the last three hundred years.',It was, however, found difficult or impossible to in- vent different forms of action, sufficient to afford the appropriate remedy for every case which might arise. Though remedies and forms of action had been pro- vided to enable suitors to recover money demands, or specific chattels, or lands, yet there were none to,Steph. on Pi. 8. Burr, Pr. 10. ' See Report, Corn. Code, 139.
enable them to restrain a party from the commission of a wrong, to enforce the specific execution of a con- tract, or obtain other. specific relief. The exigencies of society soon rendered this necessary, and the remedy was accordingly provided. When the suitor came with his petition to the Court of Chancery for specific, or, as it is now called, equitable relief, and found no appropriate writ or form of action where- by to obtain it, the Chancellor, instead of devising a new writ and sending him with it to the Courts of Law, to obtain redress under that form, heard the petition and administered the relief in person. This was the origin of Equity Jurisprudence. It is to be particularly observed that no argument can be drawn from the origin of the two systems in favor of an inher6nt dif'Feince between legal and equitable relief. There is.no reason why in the earlier ages of English jurisprudence a uwrit should not have been furnished to a suitor, providing him with a form of action at law to restrain the commission of an injury or to enforce a specific contract, as well as to recover chattels or real estate. In such case, these actions now classed as equitable, would have been lega/, and governed and controlled by legal forms as much as the action of replevin or ejectment.,The different forms of pleading adapted to the two classes of cases, grew out of this practice of adminis- tering relief in two distinct tribunals. The pleadings at common law, as we have seen, were moulded into a system in the courts of law, and were, as has been well expressed, "the necessary growth and conse- quence of the gradual refinement of English juris- prudence through a succession of centuries." The
allegations of the parties, as we have also seen, dif- ferent from the practice of the civil law, were origi- nally oral; and the judges applied their own rules and invented their own forms of pleading to attain the specific object in view, namely, the production of an ssue.,In Chancery, however, the forms of the civil law obtained. The early Chancellors being either eccle- siastics or statesmen, were many of them bred up in the jurisprudence of the civil and canon law, and it was natural for them in the administration of their judicial functions in the Court of Chancery, to trans- ser into that Court the modes of proceeding with which they were most familiar.1 Finding the modes of proceeding at law, limited and restrained by a sys- tem of rules so arbitrary and inflexible as to render those modes inadequate to afford relief in a large class of cases, in which, by the common law of Eng- land, relief ought properly to be granted, they disre- garded those modes and forms, and threw off en- tirely the restraints which confined and limited the proceedings in actions at law. They adopted no particular form of action; they departed entirely from the system of special pleading. The suitor simply presented his petition or complaint, answer- ing to the libel of the civil law; briefly stating in writing the facts of the case, the claim he sought to enforce, or the injury of which he complained, and asked the relief he desired. And the court, if he proved his case and showed himself entitled to that relief, administered it to him at tnce. The pleadings,' Story Eq. PI. § 14.
in this early period of equity jurisprudence, were of great simplicity' and brevity. The cases in which resort was had to equity were as yet few, anid the facts of no great complexity or difculty of detail.,Nor was there anything either 'in the nature of the controversy, or the relief prayed for, which rendered a different mode of practice and pleading necessary in law and in equity. 'It was merely the result of circumstances. Thus,' for example, if instead of issuing the origiz l writ in the filrt instance in an action of aeu~p/it or debt, the Chancellor had heard the case and administered the relief himself, according to the forms and mode of procedure of the civil law, there never would have grown up in England twd such systems as those of law and equity. An action to recover damages on a bond. or a promissory note might have been sustained, as well in the foim of a suit in equity, as in a suit at law. The plaintiff's alle- gation, or statement of demand, might as well have been made in the form of a bill of complaint, as in that of a declaration. But this was prevented by the infiexible rule adopted at the commencement, that if the party could obtain relief in any known form of action in the courts of law, he could not claim it directly from the Chancellor in equity. Similar con. .sequences would have resulted, had the Chancellor declined to. determine any controversy between suitors, and sent them indiscriminately, by the invent tion of new writs and new forms of action, to the courts. A uniform system of pleading and proceed- ing, would doubtless'then have characterized all judi-,Story Eq. PI. § 11.,29
PLEADINGQ IN: aGENEAL.,,[OH.L; cial proceedings, and we should have found existing in .our day the very thing at which the code aims, and which is said to be so difficult, if not impossible to obtain under the common end statute law of the land, namely, the abolition of tho distinction between legal and equitable rlief, as well as between legal and eitablwe .emedies.,Such is the origin of the difference between the pleadings and proceedings in Chancery, and those in actions at law. This difference became still more striking as the two systems grew up gradually side by side together. We have already noticed what the pleadings at law became. In Chancery, as the court attained more extensive jurisdiction and exer- cised more diversified powers, new modes of pleading were from time to time adopted, fitted for its own peculiar purposes, and the pleading and practice in Chancery soon grew into a distinct and independent system. What the pleadings in equity finally be- came, and what they were in this State, and in other States of the Union1 under the old system which we inherited from England, is well expressed by Judge Story in his Commentary on Equity Pleading.,It has become, he says, '"A science of great com- plexity and a very refined species of logic, which it requires great talents to master in all its various dis- tinctions and subtle contrivances, and to apply it with sound discretion and judgment to all the diver- sities'of professional practice. BThe ability to under stand what is the appropriate remedy and relief for,1 Except Louisiana, where the Chancery or civil law forms are used in all cases.
the case; to shape the bill fully, accurately, and neatly, without deforming it by loose and immaterial allegations, or loading it with superfluous details, aid to decide who are the proper and necessary parties to the suit:-the ability to do all this requires various talents, long experience, vast learning, and a clearness and acuteness of perception which belong only to very gifted minds.",SECTION II. OF PLEADING AS IT EXISTED BEFORE THE CODE. THE origin of pleading, at law as well as in equity, was noticed in the last section. In the present sec- tion it is proposed briefly to consider the distinguish- ing features, and the different modes of allegation which characterized the two systems.,It has been observed, that in equity there were no particular f/rmsn- of action in use. The complainant stated his case and prayed for his relief, and if the case was proper for the relief demanded, and it ap- peared that the common law courts had no jurisdic- tion, the relief was granted.,In suits at law, there were different kinds of civil actions. Actions were generally divided into three
Classes, r'ea, peronal, and miaed1 Personal actions were divided into actions exa con'tactu, and actions ea' deAfko. Actions ex contractu were principally ausnmpsit, covenant, debt, and detitue; those ex d- icto, case, trovoer replvin, and trepass.,The action of detinue was abolished in this State by statute,8 and its place supplied by replevin. Two other forms of action ex contracts might also be added to the above, namely, account and annuity. The former, though given by statute in certain cases,' was not often used, and the latter had become en- tirely obsolete. It was essential. that some one of these forms of action should be selected by the plain- tif, who sought a legal redress for an injury to his personal rights; and it was, at common law, essential too, that he should select the proper form of action; otherwise, he must fail. In equity, the suitor was relieved of this embarrassment, but he sometimes en- countered another nearly as great, namely, in deter- mining whether the relief he asked was not such as might be obtained in some one of these forms of ac- tion at law. If he had an adequate remedy at law, he was turned out of a court of equity. General couwe of Ple ading in an Action at Law. Having determined in a court of law the form of the action to be prosecuted, the next step, on the ap- pearance of the parties in court, was their various statements or allegations, termed the pleading.,These were, 1. The Declaration. 2. The Plea. 3. Chit. PI. ' Chit, PI. 97. ' 2 R. S. 639, § 15.,'2 R. S. 34, § 9, id. 176, §2. 3 Hill, 59.,OE. .L- 8.
The Replication. 4. The Rejoinder. 5. The Surre- joinder. 6. The Rebutter, and 7. The Surrebutter. There was also the Demurrer, which was a pleading in the nature of an objection to the other pleadings as a matter of law, and might be pleaded by either party, and at any stage of the proceedings.,The first pleading on the part of the plaintiff was the declaration, which was a statement in writing of his cause of action in legal form. This declaration, as every other pleading in the cause, was required to be framed agreeably to the established rules and forms of pleading, (which we do not intend now to notice,) and if defective in any particular, either in substance or form, might be objected to as insuffi- cient in law by demurrer, on the part of the defend- ant. Or, if the defendant did not demur, he might deny the declaration to be true in point of fact; or, if it could not be so denied, he might allege some new matter in abatement, or suspension of the action, or in contradiction to the plaintiff's declaration, or in avoidance of it. Such answer, in fact, on the part of the defendant was technically denominated his plea. To the defence thus made, the plaintiff might again in his turn, eply, either-in case of a demurrer, by reasserting his declaration to be sufficient in law to support his action, and referring that question to the judgment of the court, which was termed a joinder in demuwer; or, in case of a special plea, he might on his part demur to such plea, as insufficient in law to constitute a defence, or he might deny it to be true in point of fact, or allege some new matter in contradiction to it, or in evasion of it, according to circumstances; such answer, in fact, being styled a
replication. To the replication, the defendant might either demwr upon the law, or oppose a rejoinder as to the fact; and to the rejoinder, the plaintiff might demur, or oppose a surrejoinder ; and so the parties might continue to proceed, by a system of alternate allegatiom and objection, denial, or evasin, technically termed the pleadings, until they arrived at an issue,' that is, some specific point of law, or fact, affirmed on one side and denied on the other, and presenting the exact question for the court to determine.2,In EXquity. The course of pleading in a suit in equity was entirely different.,The complainant exhibited to the court his bill of complaint. This answered to the declaration in a suit at comn n law, or to the libel of the civil inid canon law. It is true, bills were of various kindS,, as bills of Interpleader; bills of Certiorari; bills pray- ing the decree or order of the court touching some right claimed by the party exhibiting the bill, or some wrong done in violation of the plaintiffs rights. Also, bills to perpetuate the testimony of witnesses, and bills of discovery,-all of which were termed original b.8 Also, a variety of bills not original, as a bill of Revivor; a bill of Review; a bill to im- peach a decree on the ground of fraud, &c. But though they were of various kinds, there was only one form of bill. It was addressed to the court, con- tained the names and descriptions of the persons ex-,S' ee post, chap. viii. seo. !. ' The above general description of the course of pleading in an ac- tion is taken from Mr. Burrill's Treatise on Practice, vol. i., pp. 80, 81.,' Story Eq. PI. § 10, 18 and 19. 34,[CH. IL
hibiting it, a narrative of the facts and circumstances of the plaintiff's case, and of the wrong or grievance of which he complained, and the names of the per- sons by whom done, and against whom redress was sought, with a prayer for the particular relief de- manded, and for process to compel the defendants to appear and answer. The bill, also, usually contained various other parts, such as the cwiarqing pa't; the interroyatory part; thejzvrikdiction clause, &c., which it is not necessary here to notice.1,If any ground of defence was apparent on the face of the bill itself either from the matter contained in it, or from defect in its frame, or in the case made by it, the defendant, might, as in an action at law, take advantage of the defect by demur'er. If the objec- tion was not apparent on the face of the bill, then it must be particularly pointed out to the court, either by plea or answer.,A plea was proper when the matter was such as would reduce the case to a single point; as, where the objection was to the jurisdiction of the court, or, for the want of proper parties.",If, however, the defendant did not demur or plead to the complaint, he then put in his answer, by which he either confessed and avoided, or traversed and denied the several parts of the bill, or admitting the case made by it, submitted to the judgment of the court upon the bill, or upon a new case made upon the answer, or both.s,' See Story Eq. PI. § 26 to 48. ' i Barb. Oh. Pr. 114, 115. ' Id. 130. A demurrer was not proper to an answer in Equity.
The last pleading was the replication of the com- plainant to the defendant's plea or answer. It was nothing more than a general averment of the truth, and sufficiency of the bill, and a denial of the allega- tiong in the answer. Its office was merely the pro- duction of an issue.' The cause was then in readiness for the taking of proofs, which were usually taken out of court, and the cause Subsequently brought to a hearing upon the pleadingS and proofs thus taken.,Such were the general features of the two systems of pleading at law and in equity. The Code, which has swept them both away, has adopted in place of them, a system substantially similar to the mode of procedure heretofore practised in Equity and derived from the Civil Law. The change effected by the Code of procedure, in pleadings, constitutes, however, another and a distinct branch of the subject, and will be discussed in the next section.,SECTION III. GENERAL CHANGES EFTECTED BY THE CODE. THE first and perhaps the most radical and sweep- ing change effected by the Code, upon the pleadings in civil actions, is in abolishing the distinction which existed between actions at law, and suits in equity.,1 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 249. 86,[CH.I.
Prior to the passage of the Code, as we have noticed in the preceding section, the pleadings, as well as the forms of proceeding in a spit at law, were entirely dissimilar from those of a suit in equity. Each court had its distinct and separate system of procedure as each had its distinct jurisdiction.,In the mode of pleading, especially, in these courts, there was a wide distinction. The very object of the pleadings seemed to be different, and the rules which determined their sufficiency totally unlike. In an action at law, the object of the pleader was by a for- mal statement of facts, or of those legal fictions which the formality of the common law permitted, and even required, to frame a singe, material, and certain i&sst either of law or of fact; that is, some specific point or matter, affirmed on one side, and denied on the other.' Hence the rule, that facts themselves must be stated, and not the evidence of facts, and the further rule which prohibited the parties in their pleadings from stating more, than one matter consti- tuting a sufficient ground of action in respect to the same demand or a sufficient defence to the same claim. The same count in the declaration coild not contain two promises in respect to the same subject matter, nor could the defendant, in the same plea, rely upon or set up several distinct defences.8,The object of pleading in Equity, and the rules ap- plicable thereto, were entirely dissimilar. One of the main provinces of a Court of Equity was to en- force a discovery of evidence in aid of the relief sought. Hence, in Equity, the plaintiff was permitted,' Steph. on Plead, 24,"Chit. PI. 226.
to state his whole case, as well the facts, as any cir- cumstances tending to prove a d establish the facts, with a minuteness of detail, and an informality, en- tirely incompatible with the precision required by the' rules of pleading at law. The Code has abolished these distinctions in pleading and the forms of pro- ceeding. It has gone, or at least pretended to go, further. It has abolished the distinction, not merely between legal and equitable fbrms, but between legal and equitable remedies. This great and radical change, the abolition of the distinction between actions at law, and suits in equity, and of the form of such actions and suits, is the foundation of the system introduced by the Code. The section abolishing the distinction between actions at law and suits in equity is as follows:,"The distinction between actions at law and suits in equity, and the forms of all such actions snd suits, heretofore exist- ing, are abolished, and there shall be in this State, hereafter, but one form of action, for the enforcement or protection of private rights, and the redress of private wrongs, which shall be denominated a Civil Action."1,The language of this section, if literally construed, would seem to be not only to destroy the distinction existing in the modes of obtaining relief, which char- acteri'ed the proceedings in courts of law and of equity, and to blend the two separate jurisdictions into one; but to change the very nature of those dis- tinct remedies which were formerly sought in the,'Am. Code, §69. 88,[OH. 1.
separate tribunals. The remarks of the Commissioners upon this subject, seem to strengthen this view of the question. Its chief object, they say, is to declare the leading principles which lie at the foundation of the whole proposed system of legal procedure, and with- out which very few, if any, essential reforms can be effected in remedial law.',The judicial decisions, however, that have been made upon this section, seem to give it a more limited and restricted meaning. In Hill v. McCarty,2 JUSTICE MAsoI held that a distinction was still recognized between legal and equitable causes of actions, at least as far as the mode of trial was concerned, though the Code had abolished the distinction between law and equity, so far as the form of the action and jurisdic- tion of the court were concerned, and so far as the mode of commencing suits and the forms of pleadings' are concerned. JUSTICE BAROULO, at the Dutchess special term in the same year, held that the Code which had abolished the forms of actions, had retain- ed the priswiples which govern them.8 The Superior Court of New York, at General term, in the case of Linden v. Hepburi,4 laid down more fully and dis- tinctly the doctrine, that although the Code had abolished the distinction between legal and equitable remedie., it had not.changed the inherent difference between legal and equitable relief. JUSTICE SAND- FORD, in delivering the opinion of the court in that,' See First Rep. Corn. of the Code. See also the Preamble to the Code.,3 C. R., 4-9, at Madison, Special term, June 1850. MoMaster v. Booth. 4 How. Pr. R. 427. 43 Sand. 668. 5 How. 188.
case, says: " We imagine a much broader effect has been claimed for the abolition of the distinction be- tween legal and equitable remedies, than was ever intended by the legislature. The first section of the Code shows what was intended by the word reme- dies. It is limited to actions and special proceedings, and the declared object of the preamble to the Code, is simply to abolish the distinction between legal and equitable actions. There is no ground for supposing that there was any design to abolish the distinction between the modes of relief known to the law as legal and equitable, or to substitute the one for the other, in any case.",In this case it was held that where the plaintiff de- manded a judgment of forfeiture of a lease for breach of conditions, and to be put in possession of the pre- mises, he had no right to an injunction in the same action to restrain the defendant from making altera- tions in the building, &c., in violation of the covenants in the lease, the former being equivalent to an eject- ment at law, and the latter being purely equitable relief, and the one being totally inconsistent with the other. But the court permitted the injunction to stand on the stipulation of the plaintiff not to take judgment for thb forfeiture, or delivery of possession of the premises; with liberty to amend the complaint so as to ask for damages.,In the same court it was held,1 that, notwithstand- ing the abolition of the distinction between the forms of actions at law and suits in equity, yet, that even in the pleadings, or the manner of stating the facts constituting the plaintiff's cause of action, a distinc-,Howard v. Tiffeny, 3 Sand. 695.
tion was still properly to ble,made between the state. ment of a matter requiring purely a legal remedy and one which heretofore would have been classed as equitable. While in the former case it is necessary to state only the facts constituting a cause of action, substantially (without regard to form) in the same manner as in a declaration, yet in the latter case, it is often necessary to state in the complaint, facts which will bear upon the granting of costs, or of the particular relief demanded as formerly stated in an equity pleading.,The Supreme Court of the second district, in the case of Alger v. Scoville, and others,' laid down the rule that the Code does not contemplate the union of a cause of action triable by the court, with one triable by a jury; orin other words, that a legal and equitable claim for relief could not be properly joined in the same action, as for example, a claim arising on a con- tract with a cause of action against a defendant as assignee.',It was denied in Otis v. Sill,' that the principles of law and equity are to be administered in the same action, and that a complaint may demand both legal and equitable relief; or, that to a complaint setting. up a legal claim, a purely equitable defence may be interposed,A similar decision was made in Crary v. Good- '6 How. P. R. 131. . But see § 167 Am. Code, as applicable to this oase, and as- secting the decision therein; and see post, chap. iii., Joinder of Actions.,' At the St. Lawrence General Term, 8 Barb. S. C. R. 201.,4
man;1 wherein it was held, that an equitable right in a defendant to a conveyance of land, is not a de- fence to an action for the possession, any more than it was before the code w a adopted. JUSTICE SILL who delivered the opinion of the court in-that case, sayO, " I can perceive nothing in this language indi- cating any design to dispense with equitable actions, in cases in which they have been previously required to defend or enforce a party's rights. On the con- trary, the continuance of controversies distinguished as egal, and equitaW1e is contemplated in terms, and the object avowed is to provide a mode of proceeding, which may be used in both." A similar rule was applied in Cochran v. Webb, by the Superior Court of New York.2,The doctrine in these cases, however, that an equitable defence cannot be set up in the answer to an action purely legal, as for example, in an action to recover real property," was regarded by JUSTICE SEL- DEN, in Wooden v. Waffle,4 as settled to the con- trary;' though he also held in that case, that the answer could not go beyond a defence, and insert facts with a view to affirmative relief. Whatever doubts remained on this subject, however, are now settled by sections 150 and 274, of the Amended Code," the former of which provides that the defend-,19 Barb. S. C. R. 657, at the Cattaraugus General Term, Feb. 1851. '4 Sand. 653.,'See also Hill v. M'Carthy, maintaining the same principle, 3, C. R. 48.,6 How. Pr. R. 153. 'See also Averill v. Taylor, 5 How. Pr. R. 476, per Cady, J. Amendment of 1852. 42,jC. I.
ant may set forth a legal. or equitable defence, or both, to the plaintiff's cause of action, and the latter of which allows the defendant Any affirmative re- lief to which he may be entitled." And see further on this subject post, chap. v. sec. 3, under; the head Euitable defence to. legaZ cause of action.,In the case of Wooden v. Waffle,' Mr. JUSTICE SELDEN, in an elaborate opinion upon the nature of the changes introduced into the pleadings under the code (and which will be more fully noticed in its proper place), lays down the rule in relation to the construction of section 69 of the Amended Code, as follows:--That the Constitution itself establishes a distinction between law and equity. And that the Legislature did not intend to blend the mode of pro- ceeding at law and in equity, any farther than was compatible with both jurisdictions. One of the con- clusions at which he arrived in that case was, that equity jurisdiction was retained and exercised upon the same principles, and to the same extent as here- tofore,-the mode of trial being the same, and the relief being adapted to the circumstances of the case. And, therefore, the statement of facts in the com- plaint should be in conformity with the nature of the action, and the relief sought. While the Legislature ·intended to blend the mode of proceeding at law and in equity, it did not intend to, and could not, abro- gate distinctions which are inherent in the nature of things. These conclusions are similar to. the.positions taken by the same Justice' in the case of Rochester,' At the Munroe Special Term, Ooat 1851, 6 How. Pr. R, i93.
ank v. Suydam and others, wherein, on a motion to strike out a portion of the complaint, it was held that thie klnd 6f relief afiorded by equity imperi- tively required a different mode of stating the case from that adopted in the common law courts, and that the code does not attempt to abolish the distinc- tion between uaw and equity, even if the Legislature had the power to do so under the Constitution.,The opinions of the learned JutsToE in the two cases above cited, have ;been dissented from by JTus TICE iNAEBis, in the case of 'Williahs v. Hayes. Alluding to the case of the Rochester City Bank :v. Suydam, he says: "It was not the intention of the Legislature, in adopting the Code, to continue the distinction between common law and equity pleadings. On the contrary, it was intended that there should be but one system of pleadings. It was not intended that the rules of common law pleadings should be applicable to one class of cases, and those of chancery to another. On. the contrary it was intended, that neither the rules of common law pleading .nor those of equity pleading, should be exclusively applicable to any case of pleading under the Code. In every case the criterion to judge of the sufficiency or insuffi- ciency of the pleading is the same.",'This view seems to be directly sanctioned by the Court of Appeals in the late case of Giles v. Lyon ;',6 How. 216. See lso Anonymous Case, 1 C. R.-49. Knowles .. Gee, 8 Barb. S. C. R. 300. Merrifield v. Cooley, 4 How. Pr. R. 272. Hoyt v. Dearborn, 2 C. R. 17.,' Const. Art. 6, § 3 and 5. ' How. Pr. R. 471. Rensaeiar Special Terit,-Jun, 161. ' 4Coms. 600. 44,r[x -t
in which, alluding to the section under consideration ad also to. the preamble to the code,1 that Court, per Gardiner J., sas; ' The Legislature, by the 'ec lioin above quoted, sought, to accomplish the object indicated in the preamble, by a(oipt7in o ti:fo7ma,zistinctiom betwemn law and eq .y. They were to be blended, and formed into a' single system, which should combine tle principles' peculiar to each, and be administered thereafter, through the same for.r and under the qame appellation,",The case of Milikin v. Cary and others,' was an action to set aside an assignment made to hinder and defrar,t creditora. The complaint contained, in addi-: tion to the allegation of facts, a detail of circum- stances, confessions of defendant, &c., constituting evidece to establish charges of fraud and insolvency of assignee. Mr. JUSTICE SILL held the complaint to be bad, Alluding to § 69 of the Code, he remarks: "To allow a mode of pleading in suits of equitable cognizance different from that required in suit at law, would frustrate the obnvious designof this legis' lation. It would be in conflict with its plain provi- ions, and perpetuate, at least in part, the very misa chiefs at which t w 'specially aimed. The intentioR of the Legislature manifestly was, to permit a party,' --- - -- ;-----------------_ _ _~~~~, -[ ; The preamble is as follows: " Whereas, it is expedient that the present forms of aotions and pleadings in cases at :common law should be aboliShed, thit the distinction between legal and equitable remedies sbhuld no Ibionr- eonitinue, and that 'an uniform course of' proeeediog, in 4 d1' j should be established.",' 5 How. Pr. R. 272.
to state the facts of hi in his case co lantas they exist, without imposing upon him the responsibility of determining in advance, whether relief should'be administered to him according to the rules of legal or equitable jurisprudence.','WVhile, however, fully recognizing the abolition of all- distinction in the pleadings between causes of action, legal and equitable, and thus agreeing with the opinion of JUSTICE HARRIS in Williams v. Hayes, that one uniform system of pleading is made applica- ble to both classes of cases, he yet recognizes the doctrine as fully as laid down by JUSTIE SELDENt, in Wooden v. Waffle, that "there are actions of legal and of equitable cognizance, between which, as heretofore, the Constitution and laws recognize a dis- tinction." -'Mr. JUSTICE PAEREE takes a view of the question similar to the last three cases cited. In Getty v. Hudson River Railroad Company, on a motion to set aside an amended complaint because of the union of-claimns for: relief both legal and equitable,. he says:, "We have certainly made but little progress inthe reform that has been attempted if law and equity can now only be administered in separate actions. If such is held to be the present rule of practice, the very object of having law and equity administered in the same tribunal and in the same 'forms of proceedings will be defeated. It was for- merly considered a great evil that in.a suit at law the plaintiff could be turned out of court, on the ground that his relief wess in-chancery, and that where a: bill,' 6 How. P. R. 269, Special Term.
was filed in the court of chancery, it might be dis- missed on the ground that the complainant had an ample remedy at law. The evil is still just as great as it was formerly, if a party can have only legal or equitable relief in the same action. In such case, if he commences his action asking for equitable relief, as for instance a specific performance, and it turns out that he is not entitled to it, but only to legal re- lief, by way of damages, he might perhaps, if such strictness is to govern, be put to a new action to obtain redress. This certainly ought not to be; and such a strictness is hostile to the whole spirit of the change that has been made.",These views seem to be entirely in accordance with those of the Commissioners of the Code, as will ap- pear by reference to their remarks explanatory of the .nature and object of the section under discussion. Their design undoubtedly was to abolish all distinc- tion between equitable and legal actions, not only as to the form of pleadings, but even as to the entire mode of proceeding, including the trial and judgment. In respect to the pleadings, they say: " We propose to reduce the system of pleading to one of allgation merely, without reference to discovery, in the mode which will presently be suggested, so that the same form of allegation may be adapted to cases which have heretofore been distinguished as legal and equi- table." And in abolishing that mode of pleading which enabled a party in equity to obtain a discovery of facts, or the evidence of facts in aid of a prosecu- tion or defence, they have provided another way to attain precisely the same thing. They also, it seems,
contemplated a uniform mode of trial.' So also as to the form of the judgment and the means of enforc- ing it. " It is a leading feature," they say, "of our proposed plan, to require, in all cases, a judgment,cdapted to the estalklihed rights of the parties ; aid we can see no difficulty in incorporating into it, as a portion of an uniform system7 of practice, a form of execution which shall adapt itself to the judgment.",The several opinions and decisions above cited, though in some respects apparently conflicting, may, in their main features, be reconciled by a careful corn parison, and by applying to them the late amend- ments introduced by the Code. Thus, for example, the case last cited, Getty v. Hudson River Railroad Company, holding that claims for legal and equitable relief may be united in one action, seems to be at variance with the decisions: in Alger v. Scoville,' Crary v. Goodman,' and Otis v. Sill,' in the Supreme Court, as well as in Linden v. Hepburn, in the Supe- rior Court of New York.' The difference, however, in the rule laid down in the first and the last cases, is rather apparent than real. In Linden v. Hepburn, the court do not hold that legal and equitable claims, if consistent with the general nature of the relief sought, may not be united.' But the decision of the case is put upon the express ground that the relief asked, namely, a forfeiture of the lease for breach of conditions, and an injunction to restrain defendant from violating conditions-is incon'i~tent. In the,' See post, chap. viii. sec. 2. * 6 How. P. R. 131. 9 Barb. 651. ' 8 Id. 102. * 3 Sand. 668.,[Cart.
same case it is held that although the "' inherent dif ference between legal and equitable relief," is not changed by the Code, yet that the proper relief; whether legal or equitable, will be administered in the same form of action. " In some cases," says the court, "alternative relief may be prayed, and relief be granted, in one or the other form in which cases an action at law was necessary before to attain the one form, and a bill in equity to reach the other. A suit for specific performance is one of that descrip, tion. But we think inoonsistent seief can be no more asked now than it could under the old system.',The rule laid down by JUSTICE PABKER in Getty v. Hudson River Railroad Company, does not differ in substance. The claims for both legal and equita- ble relief, which may be united in the same action, are only those which are not inconsitent. Indeed the decision in Linden v. Hepburn is cited with ap- probation in the opinion delivered in that case, and the rule intended to be laid down is manifestly the same.,If it be urged that these decisions are at.variance with those of the Supreme Court, in Alger v. Sco- ille, and Otis v. Sill, cited supra, it will be sufficient to say that, however this may be, the question de- cided in those cases has ceased to be of much practi- cal importance. Whatever may have been the doubts of the court, whether legal and equitable causes of action may be united, the Legislature by the late amentnopit to the Code has set the matter at rest by declaring expressly in general terms:,§. 167. The plaintiff may unite in the same com- plaint several causes of action, whether they be such
as have been heretofore denominated legal or equita le, or botlh, where they all rise out of,,1. The same transaction or transactions, connected with the same subject of actionc, &c., c.,This section, as thus amended, it is conceived, does not change the rule laid down in Linden v. Hepburn, and Gettyv. the Hudson River Railroad Company; but while it allows a party to seek legal or equitable relief or both, at the same time in the same action, it does not permit him to seek, or allow the court to give, judgment for two or more distinct kinds of re- lief that are inconsistent with, or repugnant to, each other.,From these vaious decisions, and the sections above quoted, the following propositions in respect to the general changes effected by the Code in pleading in civil actions, may be laid down :,That while the inherent difference between legal and equitable relief remains unchanged by the Code, the remedy in both classes of cases is the same.,There is no such thing as an action at law, as dis- tinguished from a suit or proceeding in equity. The jurisdiction is merged in the same tribunal.,The Code provides a uniform system of pleading,' mode of trial,' form of judgment, and execution.,Legal and equitable relief may be sought in the same action, and may be claimed in the alternative, and the court will grant such judgment as the party may show himself entitled to from the facts estab;,' See next seotion of this chapter. * See post, chap. viii. see. 2.,[O ,I. 50
lished, whether compensatory in damages, or for spe- cific relief, or both.,But if both species of relief are claimed, they must not be repugnant to, or inconsistent with, each other, but mus: be such as. may be embraced in the same judgment, as a claim for damages for breach of a con- tract, or an injury to property, with a claim for a specific performance of the same contract, or specific relief in respect to the injury complained of.,The forms of action are abolished, but their sub- stance and the principles which govern them are pre- served.,As to the manner of stating the facts in a pleading, and whether a different mode of " allegation" is allow- able according to the different species of relief sought: that is, whether a party is to be held to the same strictness of statement in setting out his case for specific relief, 'as for an injunction, a specific perform- ance and the like, that he would be on a claim merely for compensation in damages, these are questions upon which it must be confessed the decisions are not en- tirely uniform. As this subject, however;, will be more fully considered when we come to speak of the particular pleadings in an action, it will be unneces- eary further.to discuss it here.,- : ! X ' X ' i
SECTION IV. OP THE SUIaE TO DIETEMI N SHUFFICOIXO OP,THE PLEADINGS. UNDER the old system this was one of the most important branches of the subject of pleadings. At common law a system of rules was applicable to every description of pleading in courts of law; many of them highly artificial and technical. The subject, in all its bearings, formed one of the most difficult and abstruse branches of the study of law. The books are full of the subtlest distinctions, and the most curious refinements of logic, in the application of these artificial rules to the science of pleading. Many of them, indeed, perhaps, most of them, are based upon reason and sound sense, and have their founda- tion in the very nature of legal remedies. But, on the other hand, many of them are the merest refinement of technicality, dealing with fictions, rather than truth, applicable to the form, and not to the substance of the pleading. Under the application of these rules the science of pleading became an abstruse, artificial, and formal science. Books and treatises innumerable were written to explain and illustrate it; and although the Legislature, from time to time, made several im- portant modifications tending to simplify the plead- ings in actions at law, yet, down to the time of the adoption of the Code, it may be stated, that form and not substance was the distinguishing feature of the system.,[cm I. 52
A different system of pleadings grew up in the Courts of Equity, regulated by different principles, and governed by different rules, but at the same time rde, which if less subtle and technical were no less formal, precise, and unbending.,It is the object of this section to ascertain what, if any, of these rules are still remaining; what are their force and effect; and what their applicability to our present system, and how under that system is the sufficiency of the pleadings to be determined and ascertained.,The Commissioners of the Code, in their explana- tory remarks, say, that the change in the mode of pleading is the key of the reform proposed by the Code. Without it, they should despair of any sub- stantial and permanent improvement in modes of legal controversy.,Accordingly, in the section submitted by them and adopted by the Legislature, they abolished en, tirely all forms of pleading, legal and equitable, then existing, and at one blow overturned the whole system of pleading, as then understood and practised, in the Courts of Law and Equity.,The section is as follows :- " All the forms of pleading, heretofore existing, are abolished; and hereafter the forms of pleading in Civil Actions, and the rules by which the sufficiency of the plead- Dtigs is to be detrmined shal be those which a reescribed in tis ant.'",' SPit Report of Corn. p. 13C.,_ ___ __ __,53 11Ar. Code, Q 1140.
In the amendments made at the next session of' the Legislature, 1849; -this section was modified as follows :-,"All the forms of pleading heretofore existing, inconsis' ent with1 the aw8ion8s qs this act, are abolished; and here ' after, the forms of pleadings in civil actions in Courts of Record, and the rules by which the sufficiency of the plead- ings is to be determined, are modified as prescribed by this act.",The Legislature of 1852 restored the section sub- stantiallyas it originally stood, by striking out the words above, in italics, and inserting the word, " those" in place of the words " modified as.",eTnder this section of the Code, as it originally stood, and as amended, a variety of decisions have been made which will be briefly noticed. In the first place, however, it may be well to inquire generally the object and effect of the amendments to the section under consideration, made by the Legislature as above noticed.,In the section as originally passed all form of pleading were abolished, and the ,rdes by which the sufficiency of the pleadings were to be determined, were declared to be those prescribed by the Code. The design of the amendment of the Legislature of 1849, seems to have been to limit the operation of this section; and instead of a general annihilation of all forms and precedents, and a repudiation of all former rules of pleading, to retain so many of those settled rules and principles as did not conflict with the Code. The rules to test the sufficiency of pleading were de-,54
dared to be modifid as prescribed by the act. Only such forms of pleading as were inc~nitent with the provisnw s of the act were declared abolished. The language of the section, as thus amended, is too plain for misconstruction. It left the whole of the old theory and science of pleading, not repugnant to the Code, in existence; and made the well settled rules and established principles of pleading appli- cable in substance, without regard to form, to the new theory established by the Code. But the practical question which now arises is, Did the Legislature, by repealing this amendment, and restoring the section to where it originally stood, mean to establish a contrary rule ? In other words, did it mean to declare that no form of pleading, which had hereto- fore been in use, should be hereafter used or deemed sufficient, and that no fule of plading should be deemed applicable to the new system ?,It would seem, from a careful consideration of this section, that such could not have been the intention of the Legislature. Indeed, if we descend to a verbal criticism, it may be said that the amendment of 1849 did not essentially change the meaning of the section from what it was 'before. The original section simply abolished the forms of pleading, and the amendment added, "inconsistent with the provisions of this act." Now, the Code through- out clearly and manifestly abolishes every thing like form in pleadings, independent of the sec- tion under consideration. All mere "forms" of -pleadings are inconsistent with the act, and in that sense there was no necessity to limit it. The original section (and as it now stands) cannot cer-,55
* tainly mean that if a plaintiff chooses to state his,case in the simple form allowed by the old system of pleadings in an action for assault to the person, or trespass for carrying away goods, that for that reason alone the pleading is bad and may be demurred to for insufficiency. The first clause of the section, as it now stands, as well as with the former amendment, is nothing more thar. an abolition of the fornm of pleading, doing away with the necessity of any teclmical or fictitious statements, and leaving the party to adopt such a mode of allegation as may be adapted to his cause of action, whether that mode be logically such as the old system established or not.,The same may be remarked in respect to the second clause of the section. It cannot be said that the Legisla- tare meant to abrogate all rules to test the sufficiency of pleadings except those prescribed in the act. The act itself does not pretend to furnish rules to deter- mine in all cases what shall be a sufficient " state- ment of the facts constituting a cause of action or de- fence." This musst sill rest upon those well estab- lished general rules and principles of pleading which existed at common law, and are precisely as appli- cable to the new system of pleading under the Code, (except where modified and abrogated in terms), as are the settled and established common law principles which govern estates applicable to that subject, except where in terms modified 'by the revised,If any other doctrine than this were established it, 'Knowles v. Gee, 8.Barb. . .C. R. 3800. .Fy v .3BennetU, 1 . R., N. 8. 249,250.,[O. I. 56
would lead to endless contradiction and confusion. Thus for example, it is laid down as a general rule of pleading under the old system, that it is not necessary to allege what the law will presume;' as in an action for slander imputing theft, the plaintiff need not aver that he is not a thief, because the law presumes his innocence till the contrary be proved. It will not certainly be pretended that the Code, in abolish- ing the old rules of pleading, has made it necessary in such an action for the plaintiff to aver that he is not a thief So, too, it was not necessary to allege matters of which the Court ex-offcio takes notice, as' for example, to set forth a public statute; nor to al- lege circumstances necessarily implied; as if the plaintiff plead that he is heir to A, to allege that A is dead.' The abolition of forms of action, and rules of pleading, does not affect these general principles of the common law, and, although the Code prescribes nothing in their place, they are manifestly, from necessity, as applicable to pleadings now as formerly. The conclusin at which we arrive is, that the late amendment of this section, by the Legislature, re- storing it to where it originally stood, has not essen- tially altered its signification from what it was made by the amendment of 1849.,The adjudged cases upon this section of the Code seem to be entirely in accordance with this view of the question. In Boyce v. Brown,' decided at a General Term in the 4th district, the pleadings were,1 Steph. on P1. 353. 2Steph. on P1. 353. 2 Saund. 305.,7 Barb. S. 0. R. 81.,5 r,57
under the original Code. The court, in that case, recognizes not only the old definitions of pleading, but the pre-existing rules, except where abrogated in terms by the Code. JUSTICE HAND, n' delivering the opinion of the court in that case, says: "The forms before in use are not, in some respects, 'legal forms,' particularly as to the classification of actions; but the manner of stating the claim or defence, as re- * qired by the Code, with this exception, and that of certain formal parts, still remains; and in other re- spects I have not been able to discover that any great change has been made in the substance of plead- ing. The pleader may use his own language, but the necessary matter must be there, and be stated in an intelligible and issuable form, capable of trial. Facts must still be set forth according to their legal effect and operation, and not the mere ,evidence of those facts, nor arguments, nor inferences, nor matter of law only." In the same opinion, the court also' re- cognizes the existence and applicability to the present system of those well settled rules, that pleadings should not be hypothetical, nor argumentative, nor in the alternative, nor destitute of truth and certainty.,In the case of the Rochester City Bank v. Suydam and others,' JUSTICE SELDEN lays down the rule still more definitely, and. holds expressly that all pre- existing rules of pleading, both at law and in equity, which are not expressly abrogated by the Code, and which can properly be made applicable to the new system of pleadings, are still in force.',5 H6ow. P. R. 216. 'See also opinion of same Justice in Knowles v. Gee, 8 Barb. S. C. R. 300. And see McMastor v. Booth, 4 HRow. Pr, B. 427.,68,[CH. I,
This was a case in which the plaintiff claimed, what under the old system would have been equta bl relief, to wit, to reach certain securities in the hands of the defendant, and to be subrogated to his rights in respect to them. In testing the sufficiency of the pleadings in that case, the court ap- plied the rules which governed equity pleadings, and refused to strike out certain statements alleged to be redundant, on the ground that they embraced matter of evidence merely. This is, doubtless, going farther than the majority of the judges have yet gone, and, indeed, the same learned Justice in a later case' seems to have modified his opinion in one respect, namely: That mere matters of evidence cannot be inserted even in, a complaint claiming purely equitable relief, although the rules to determine the sufficiency of the pleading in these cases in all other respects not. inconsistent with the express pro- visions of the Code, were still the old rules of equity pleading.,In the well considered opinion of the Superior Court, at General Term, in the case of Fry -. Ben- nett,' DuE, J., says: "The Code, in abolishing a division of actions that was in a measure merely arbitrary, and all forms of pleading inconsistent with its own provisions, has been careful not to abolish those rules of a sound logic, by which the sufficiency of pleadings is to be determined. Rules which were purely technical, and had a reference solely to the,' Wooden v. Waffle, 6 How. 146, Munroe Special Term; Oct. 1851.,1 C. R. N. S. 249.,59
particular form of the action in which they were ap- plied are doubtless abolished; but those which, having their foundation in reason and good sense, are an important aid in the investigation of truth, and manifestly tend to the furtherance of justice, re- tain all their original force and authority.",The conclusion at which we arrive on this point, cannot be more clearly or better expressed than in the language of a late decision by JUSTICE HARRIS;' "The principles of pleading, whatever the system, are always the same. Its office is to present the cause of action on one side, and a defence on the other. This is not less true under our present system, than under the former. Names are changed -useless forms and technical rules are abolished- but thl principles remain unchanged."',Ar'e the same rules applicable in pleading a cause of action or defence which is purely legal, and one which heretofore would have been classed as equitable P,This question has assumed some importance from its frequent discussion, and also from an ap- parent conflict of decisions in respect to it. Mr. JUsTICE SELDEN, in the cases above cited, holds the negative of this question.' The views expressed by him in these cases seem, in the main, to accord with the principle recognized in the cases (referred to in the preceding section) of Linden v. Hepburn,' and Howard v. Tiffeny' in the Superior Court of New York--particularly the latter case. A similar doctrine seems to be countenanced in a decision of,' Buddington v. Davis, 6 How. Pr. R. 402. And see post, chap. viii. see. v. ' See ante, pages 58 & 59. 3 Sand. 668. · 3 Sand. 695.,[CH. L 60
the Supreme Court of the 1st district, at General Term, in the case of Coit v. Coit.' MTCLEr.L, Justice, in that case says: " The Code expressly declares that it is expedient that the present forms of action and pleadings in cases at common law should be abolished, but uses no such language as to forms of action and pleadings in equity (see recital at beginning of Code).' Section 140 only abolishes the forms of pleading heretofore existing, so far as they are inconsistent with the Code, and modifies the forms of pleading as prescribed by that act. So far therefore as the equity form of pleading is not inconsistent with the Code, it does not seem to be repealed. Section 469 abrogates the former rules and practice of the Courts so far as they are inconsistent with that act; but ex- pressly provides that where they are consistent with that act they shall continue in force, subject to the power of the courts to relax, modify, or alter tlh same." If these positions are henceforth to become the set- tled practice of our courts, we then arrive at the con- clusion that we still have, if not two different systems of pleading, at least two different sets of rules to de- termine the sufficiency of pleadings in different actions.,It seems to be entirely settled and assented to on all hands, as is truly remarked by Justice Selden in Wooden v. Waffle, that in a purely legal action under the Code-(that is an action claiming compensation,'6 How. P. R. 53. ' But it does say also that it is expedient that the distinction between legal and equitable remedies should no longer continue and that an uniform course of proceeding in all cases should be estab- lished.
in damages, or to recover specific, real, or personal property)-the common law rule which confined the allegations of fact in every pleading to such as were essential to the cause of action or defence, and which if put in issue would be decisve of the suit, is still in force, and that whatever is inserted beyond these essential facts, in such an action, will be stricken out on motion. It seems to be also settled that even in a pleading for specific relief-or what formerly would have been called an equity pleading-the old equity rule that the pleader might insert matters of evi- dence, or any collateral matter the admission of which might be material in establishing the allega- tions in a pleading,' is now abolished. In other words, that a pleading under the Code cannot be used for the purpose of examining the opposite party; and that whenever any such collateral matters are in- troduced for that purpose, or other matters of evidence merely, they will be struck out on motion. What then is the point of difference which still remains? It is, whether the same strictness of allegation in stating " facts" is required in an action for equitable as for purely legal relief. Whether the same rules govern the two modes of pleading, and whether no- thing can be properly inserted in the one which can- not stand the uniform and infallible test administered to the other.,Perhaps the discussion of the question is not a pro- fitable one, and can lead to no practical results. In- deed, the distinction between the two classes of cases cited may be found, after all, to lie in words rather,' Hawley'v. Woolverton. 5 Paige, 522. 62,[Ce, I-
than in things-in form, and not in substance. In Williams v. Hayes,' JUSTICE HARRIS, in sustaining the theory ds a uniformity of pleadings, lays down very clearly, and as we think very correctly, the doctrine that under the Code neither the rules by which the sufficiency or insufficiency of pleadings in the common law courts, nor those which were applicable to plead- ings in courts of equitable jurisdiction, can be adopted as a sure guide." By this we do not understand him to mean that the established principles of pleading at common law-so far as the substance of the issue was concerned, without regard to form, were to he disre- garded, or that those general rules which tested the sufficiency of the pleadings both at law and in equity, were of no farther utility under the new system. All that we understand by this is that one class of rules is not to be used as an infallible guide in determining the sufficiency of the pleadings in one species of action, and another class in another. The Code abolishes the distinction between legal and equitable remedies, and provides a uniformity of pleading as well as of proceeding, in all cases. Or, as he very in- telligibly expresses it elsewhere in the same opinion: " It was intended that neither the rules of common law pleading nor those of equity pleading, should be exclusizely applicable to any case of pleading under the Code. In every case the criterion by which to judge of the sufficiency or insufficiency of the plead- ing is the same.",This " criterion" is defined by the same learned judge to be " whether the allegation can be made the,' 5 How. Pr. R. 471.,63
subject of a material issue." Perhaps such a criterion may be the proper one in both classes of cases if the words material issue are to be understood, not as a single issue decisive of the whole case, but as an issue material to the eelief eought to be eetablished in the action. For example, in an action for damages for a trespass, the issue was narrowed down to a single material point, which, if admitted or proved, was decieive of the whole action. In a suit for a specific performance, or for an injunction, the particular relief demanded might rest upon a variety of facts and cir- cumstances, one of which if denied or disproved, was not entirely decisive against the party claiming, and yet such a fact might be, or might become in the failure of proof of other allegations, a material fact to entitle the party to the particular relief sought-and therefore properly set forth in the pleading. While, therefore, it may not be too much to say, that, al- though the Code provides for and requires an entire uniformity in the mode of pleading, as well as of pro- ceeding in all cases, and while the same general rules may be applied to test the sufficiency of pleadings, yet that the statement of facts in a pleading is to be made in accordance with the particular kind of relief demanded. This was manifestly the intention of the framers of the Code. They propose, they say,' "to reduce the system of pleading to one of allegation merely, without reference to discovery, so that the same form of allegatiQn mwy be adapted to cases which have heretofore been distinguiseed as legal and equitable.",Under the old practice in Chancery, a bill of com-,'First Rep. of Comrs. 75. 64,[Co. -L
65 plaint might have a twofold object, discovery and re- lief. A bill' for discovery and relief, in addition to the grounds for relief, might state matters of evidence which were material in establishing the main charge, or in determining the nature and extent of the relief.' But a bill merely for relief should contain allegations of fact, entitling the party to it substantially in the same form as averment inn an action at law.' This was the old rule of equity pleadings. The pleadings should consist of allegations of facts, stated with as much brevity and precision as possible, not of infer- ence or argument.' In the Mechanics' Bank v. Levy, above cited, the Chancellor says: "The allegations in the bill, so far as the question of the com- plainant's right to the relief is concerned, are sub- stantially in the same form as the averments in a declaration at law, and the pleader must state his client's cause of action in such a manner that the main facts upon which his right to relief depends may be put in issue and tried."-So much in respect to the question of relief; but the complainant was also entitled to a discovery, and accordingly under the old equity system, he might, to quote from the same opinion, "state any matters of evidence in his bill which may be material in establishing the main charge, or in ascertaining the nature or kind of relief proper to be administered, and may interrogate the defendant as to these matters.",The discovery is now abolished by the Code. The pleading can no longer be used as a method of exam- ination,' or to obtain evidence in aid of the relief,'Mechanics' Bank v. Levy, 3. Paige 606. ' b. ' Hood v. Newman, 4 John. Ch. 437.
sought. Nothing is left of the old equity mode of pleadings, but the simple allegations of facts material to the relief sought, and which go to establish the plaintiffs case; and whether these facts were one or more, they wore required, as we have seen, even under the old equity system, to be set forth substan- tially the same as averments at law, and were required to be such as might be "put i sue and tried.",Apply this rule to pleadings under the Code, and it will reconcile the differences of opinion that have existed in respect to pleadings in cases of legal and of equitable relief. It will, perhaps, establish a uni- form system and one set of rules for all cases of pleading. Instead of the test that the allegation cah be made the subject of a "material," or as it is elsewhere said, a " decisive issue," apply the equity rule of pleading, that the pleader must state such facts, and such only, as are material to the particular relief he claims, and as may be properly "put in issue and ried." These facts, of cour'S will vary with the nature of the cause of action. e statement of the case in an action for the party if land, or for the foreclosure of a mortgage, ' : necessity, be as different from that of an action iu1 a trespass, or on a simple contract, as the judgment in the one is different from the judgment in the other. The prayer for relief is different, and the very nature of such relief is dissim- ilar; and yet the Code provides one form of judgment in all cases "which shall specify clearly the relief granted, or other determination of the action:" and a uniform mode of enforcing such judgment by its appropriate kind of execution. I am, therefore, una- ble to perceive anything in the Code which authorizes,[Cn. L
or warrants the application of different rules in de- termining the suffciency of the pleadings in different actions.,Nor does the case of Howard v. Tiffeny' conflict with these views. In that case, which was an action for a perpetual injunction in respect to the use of demised premises for a violation of the conditions of the lease, the court refused to strike out certain alle- gations of fact upon which, in the aggregate, the plaintiff rested his right to the particular relief de- manded. It was very properly said in respect to such actions, in that case: "'The facts constituting the cause of action spoken of in the Code, are, there- fore, not merely the facts upon which the plaintiff's 'ight to ask relief is founded, but those words include all such facts as are necessary to fouhd the particulkr relief demanded, and to enable the court to give the proper judgment in the action. The evidence in sup- port of such facts is, of course, an entirely different thing." But there is nothing in the opinion to author- ize the inference that facts may be alleged, even in such a pleading, which are not " material" to the spe- cific relief sought, or facts which cannot properly be "put in issue and tried." Nor is it to be inferred that the same rule is not equally applicable to every class of actions.,In the case last cited, a perpetual injunction was the particular relief demanded; and the facts show- ing the right to the injunction were therefore mate- rial allegations. But if the injunction be only asked provisionally, and not as a part of the general relief,,' 3 Sand. 696.,67
in the action, the facts going to show the right to the injunction cannot be set out in the complaint for the purpose of enabling the plaintiff to move for such injunction.',What was said by the court in Minor v. Terry,2 is stropgly corroborative of the theory that a uniform- ity of pleading in all cases is not only practicable, but has been actually established by the Code. After remarking that what the Code intended to abolish was merely the action for discovery in aid of the prosecution of another action, the court says: "It should not be forgotten that a complaint in equity, in some of its important aspects, bears a close analogy to a declaration in the old action on the case. In that action the plaintiff was accustomed to set out the facts of his case, entitling him to relief, particu- larly, and at large, as may be seen by consulting the precedents in Chitty'8 Pleading in actions on the case for torts to the person, to personal property, and to real property. It may be sufficient to refer to the declarations in actions of slander and libel where special damages are claimed. The pleader cannot content himself by stating the legal conclusion that the defendant uttered actionable words against him whereby he sustained damages. But he must set out the particular words and in many cases the paticular circum.tances under which they were uttered; and when special damage is claimed, the partiular way and manner by whick the loss or damage occurred. Under the present system, since the forms of action are abolished, every action i one upon tle case; that,2 C. B. 64. 3 id. 250. g 6 How. Pr. R. 208, per GRIDLEr. 68,[CH. L
is, founded on the particular facts of the case set forth in the complaint. So, in a complaint in equity in most cases where an injunction is prayed for, it is competent to set out the facts which constitute the foundation of the right with particularity and mi- nuteness.",Applying these principles, and keeping in view these distinctions, namely, first, that the action for discovery is abolished, and that the pleadings under the Code cannot be used in any shape for that pur- pose; and second, that there never was in reality any essential difference in the mode of stating an action on the case at law, and the facts going to establish a right to relief in equity, and the theory of a perfect uniformity of pleading, and of the rules to test the sufficiency thereof, is at once established.,That such was the intention of the commissioners of the Code, is, I think, clearly apparent. The argument which is urged against the practicability of attaining this result, based upon the inherent diference between legal and equitable relief, the different forms of judgment, and the different modes of trial required for the two classes of cases, has been already suffi- ciently answered by what was said in the first section of this chapter relative to the origin of equitable rem- edies, and of the different forms and modes of plead- ing at law and in equity.,As to how far the Code has effected a uniformity of trial of issues of fact in all cases, see post, chap. viii. sec. 2.,69
CHAPTER II. O THE PARTIES TO AN ACTION. Ir is well said that there are no rules connected with the science and practice of pleading more im. portant than those which relate to the persons who should be the partie to an action. The remark was equally true of pleadings in 'equity as of pleadings in actions at law. One of the most difficult matters in framing a bill in Chancery was often found to consist in determining who should, and who should not, be the parties; notwithstanding, courts of equity were never tied down by the narrow and artificial rules applicable to actions at law. It cannot be reasonably expected, therefore, that this difficulty is entirely surmounted by the Code; or that under its provisions there is really more certainty in determining who should be proper parties to an action than heretofore in Cblincery pleading; for the Code has adopted, with slight modifications, the rule in relation to parties which has heretofore obtained in courts of equity.1,The Code has made a radical and fundamental change in the practice in one respect. It found the,Per MNA80so J. 6 How. Pr. R. 100. . 70,[en. mi
rules respecting parties to actions as widely different in actions at law and suits in equity, as the pleadings and proceedings were. The direct and immediate parties having a legal interest, and they only, could be required to be made parties in a suit at law. But courts of equity frequently required all persons who had remote and future interests, or equitable interests only, or who would be directly affected by the decree, to be made parties; and the court would not, if such persons were within the jurisdiction, and capable of being made parties, proceed to decide the cause without them. Persons having very different, and even opposite interests, were often made parties defendant, the general rule being that all persons were to be made parties who were either legally or equit- ably intereited in the subiect matter or result of tie suit, if, in a general sense, it was practicable to do so.',The Code undertakes to abolish these distinctions, and provides general rules respecting parties in all cases and forms of action. The commissioners say, they had a three-fold purpose iu view: first, to do away with the artificial distinctions existing in the courts of law, and to require the real party in interest to appear in court as such; second, to require the presence of SLuh parties as are necessary to make an end of tie controversy; and third, to allow otherwise great latitude in respect to the number of parties who may be brought in.",It will be the object of the present chapter to in- quire what changes have been effected by the Code,,' Report of Corn, 123.,71qi '2 Story Eq. 6 182ó.
and what rules established, in respect to the parties to civil actions. The chapter is divided into three sections. 1st. The appearance of parties. 2d. Who are the proper parties plaintiff 3d. Who are the proper parties defendant.,SECIION I. OF THE APPEARANCE OF PARTIES. IN actions at law any one might appear 'in person, except infants and corporations aggregate; the former must appear by next friend or guardian, the latter by attorney.',As a general rule, a married woman could not sue or be sued alone, either upon contracts made by her before, or after marriage, except in case she was di- vorced, or the husband was dead in law, or his death was presumed by reason of absence.' When she ap- peared alone she must appear in person, but husband and wife might appear by attorney.',Idiots must appear in person, and a lunatic of full age in person, or by attorney; and the committee of an idiot or lunatic could not maintain an action on behalf of the lunatic; the suit must be brought in,'Tidd 69, 70. 2 John. 192. ' 1 Chit. PI. 28. 56. 'Dunl. Pr. 86. - 72,ISEm. I.
ith nasmie of the lunatic' in-an action concerning his realty as well as his personal estate.' The committee was neither a necessary nor a proper party, either as ,plaintiff or defendant, in any action respecting the person or property of his ward.,Though it was a contempt of court to sue a luna- tic after the appointment of a committee without the permission of the court,' yet it has been repeatedly held that the lunatic was liable to be sued in an action at law, and the judgment obtained was not only valid, but regular.' The lunatic, and not the committee, was the proper party to appear and de- fend the suit.,So far as respects the bringing of an action by an idiot or lunatic, the rule of the common law was changed by the statute of 1845,' which permits re- ceivers and committees of lunatics, and habitual drunk- ards, to sue in their own names for " any debt, claim, or demand, transferred to them, or to the possession and control of which they are entitled as such receiver or committee." Before the passage of the Code, there- fore, all actions, other than those mentioned by this statute, must be brought in the name of the lunatic, and all actions of every kind against him personally, without joining his committee. We will presently inquire what effect the Code has produced upon this practice.,The rule in respect to the appearance of parties in 'Shelf on Lunaoy, 395, 24 Wend. 85. '1 Hill, 97. ' 3 Paige, 190. 5 Id. 489. '2 Barb. S. C. B., 153, and cases there cited. '2 B. S. (3d Ed.) 115.,6 SEO. L]
equity was esomewhat different except in the case of infants and corporations The first appeared by next friend, or guardian, and could not sue, or be suied in parson, or appear by attorney.' Corporations aggregate appeared by a solieitor.',In. suite in equity, though in general, a husband and wife ought to join,' yet, where the wife demanded relief for her separate property, or for a separate maintenance, settled by the husband, she might sue alone.' In: respect to her separate estate, she was 'looked upon as afeme sole. Ina court of equity, though -not at law, husband and wife were considered as two different persons. The wife, by her next friend, might 'sue her husband, and the husband file a bill against his wife.' The wisee appeared in the action by her next friend,' and when the suit was brought, to recover her separate property, the husband was not a proper party as co-plaintiff.' A billfiled by'the husband, in the name of himself and wife, was his bill merely, and the decree made in such a suit was not binding upon -herin any future litigation. Where the interests of the husband and wife were in conflict, he could not join her as co-complainant, but in such case she must be made .adefendant.' If the husband was abroad, or banished, or an alien enemy, or had abjured the country, a inarried woman might exhibit a bill alone, as if she were afenme 8ole.,Mits. Eq. 26. Paige 179. 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 87. · J. .R. 196. 2 Ves. Sen. 452. Ed. on Parties, 144, 13 Ves. 190, 266. 'lb. 6 Paige, 581. ' 5 Paige, 517. 'Story, Eq. P1. § 63, 10 Paige 193, 6 Barb. 1. 0. R. 403. 9 Paige, 255, 3 Barb. Oh. R. 397. ' Coop. Eq. 204.,:OH. [0n.
If the wife .was a ca tui qu rtrt and it was ne- cessary she should file a bill, it was done by her next friend.', By statute a wife might exhibit a bill for divorce: awiunmdo, without a next friend,' but it was held that in a case for a limited divorce she must ap- pear by.her next friend.' Where the wife was de- fendant, it was a general rule that in the absence of her husband she must appear by guardian.' But where the bill was brought by the husband she was treated as afemne soge, and no guardian was necessary in such case.' In general, husband and.wife must ap- pear and defend together'; but if she claimed in opposition to him, or lived separate from him, or dis- approved of the defence he wished her to make, she might obtain an order to defend the suit separately.' If a married woman under age was a party she ap- peared.by guardian.',The rule in respect to the appearance of idiots and lunatics in suits in equity was also widely different from that which prevailed in the courts of law. Idiots and lunatics almost always sued by their com- mittees; they also answered and defended by their committees,' and the lunatic need not be made a party defendant." He might, however, be joined, though this was a mere matter of form, and the com- mittee, as of course, put in the answer as his guar-,Ed. on Parties, 146. ' 2 R. S. 144, § 39, 2 Paige, 108. 8 Wend. 370. ' Ed. on Parties, 154. 3 Atk. 478. ' Coop. Eq. 24. Coop. Eq. 30, 31; 1 J C. R., 24; 2 Id. 139. Ed. on Parties, 155. * Ed. on Parties, 205, 211. "2 John Ch. R. 242.,s.5 ~. a]
dians.' Where the lunatic and committee were sued jointly, the latter, if he had no interest adverse to the lunatic, would, as a matter of course, be ap- pointed his guardian ad Utem.9 Though a lunatic was not a necessary party in a bill to set aside his own acts,' to obtain payment of a debt,' etc., etc., yet he was an indispensable party to a bill for the recovery of lands, partition, and other actions con- cerning real property.' It was also laid down as a general and a safe rule that a lunatic ought to be made a party in all actions for the benefit of his estate, and the bill should be filed as his bill by his committee, or in the names of both. The general practice was even where the lunatic was not a nece- sary party, to unite him with his committee.',A similar rule would apply to all kinds of trustees. The cestui que trust, if not always a necessary, was almost always a proper party with the trustee in actions concerning the trust fund or property. Where the trustee commenced an action it was generally requisite to make the cestui que trust a party, otherwise the latter would neither obtain relief nor be bound by it.' In enforcing a demand arising prior to the creation of the trust, against a trustee as defendant, it was not necessary to make the cestui que trusts parties if the absolute disposition of the property was vested in the trustees.',We are next to notice how these rules relative to ' 2 John. Oh. R. 242. 2 6 Paige, 237; 1 C. R. N. S. 309. ' 7 John. Ch. R. 139. ' 3 Paige, 470. * 3 Barb. Ch. R. 24. ' 7 John. Ch. R. 139.,Ed. on Parties, 158; 2 John. Ch. R. 238; i Paige, 20. ' Coop. Eq. 74, Eden. Parties, 161. 76,[CH. II.
the appearance of parties are affected by the Code. And first,,In respect to infants, the Code provides, § 115. When an infant is a party, he must appear by guardian, who may be appointed by the court in which the action is prosecuted, or by a judge thereof, or a county judge.,By the Revised Statutes,' before any process can be issued in the name of an infant, who is sole pain- tiff, some competent and responsible person must be appointed to appear as his next friend in the suit. It was held under this statute that a next friend was necessary only in cases where the infant was sole plaintiff' The above section of the Code, however, clearly contemplates that an infant must appear by guardian whenever he is " a party," whether as sole plaintiff or jointly with adults. JUSTICE WILLLAD, in Hill v. Thacter,' held that the guardian must be appointed before the issuing of the summons and complaint, and that the provisions of the Revised Statutes were not altered in that respect.,An infant must also appear in all cases by guardian where he is a party defendant. No judgment can be regularly taken against an infant by default,' nor can his guardian make any admissions, to affect his rights injuriously, or suffer judgment by default.' The an- swer is termed the answer of the guardian, and not of the infant, and in cases where an oath was neces- sary, it was sworn to by the guardian.' The answer,2 R. S. 446, § 2. ' Hulbert v. Newell, 4 How. Pr. R. 93. ' 3 How. P. R. 407. ' 2 Code R. 28. ' 4 Paige, 165. * 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 148. SEa. L]
could not, however, be read against the infant.' Nor could a complainant by any form of pleading compel an infant to become a witness against himself.',There does not seem to be anything in the Code inconsistent with the application of these principles to the new system. In Hill v. Thacter, szpra, it was said that the guardian of an infant plaintiff might, in that character, have verified the complaint under the Code.,No proceedings can be taken against an infant defendant after the commencement of the action until his guardian is appointed. The infant himself has twenty days to make application for the appoint- ment of his guardian, but he may apply after that time unless the plaintiff forestall him in his appli- cation.',Appea'anco of married women.-The equitable rule which recognised the separate legal existence of the wife in cases concerning her individual property, and actions between herself and husband, is enacted by the Code. Section 114 provides:,When a married woman is a party, her husband must be joined with her, except that,,1. When the action doncerns her separate property she may sue alone.,2. When the action is between herself and her husband, she may sue or be sued alone.,But owhere ier hAuband cannot be joined with her ' 6 Paige, 353. ' 5 Paige, 536. ' 3 How. Pr. R. 407. ' MoOonnell v. Adams, 1 C. R., N. S. 114. 78
askeren provid dshe s japroeeute or dufend &y her net friendy",The words in italics are the amendment made in 1851, to the original Code. Before this amendment it was held in the case of Coit v. Coit' and affirmed on appeal by the General Term of the first district,' that a wife could not sue her husband without a next friend, except in the single case of a suit for absolute divorce, provided for by statute, and that the Code had made no change in this respect. The same rule was adhered to by the justice, who decided that case at the Special Term, on another occasion.,In the Superior Court of New York, JusTHo C0A~- BELL, after consultation with his associates, held the contrary doctrine.' JusTIoE MONsoN' held, that, in all cases between husband and wife, the latter, unless an infant, might sue alone, without a next friend, and the Supreme Court of the eighth district have made a similar decision.',The above amendment, however, seems to have settled the rule, that, where the wife sues, or i sued by, her husband, she must appear by her next friend, unless indeed in the case of an action by the wife for absolute divorce, and even then, it may well b0 doubted if the statute permitting her to sue in her own name is not repealed by this provision.,-~~~~~~~ . .. .--- - - .-? '4 How. Pr. R. 232. * 6 How. Pr. R. 53. ' Forrest t. Forrest, 3 Code R. 254. ' 2 Sand. 715. ' 3 0. R. 40. 4 Pr. R. 346, Otsego Special Term, 1850. ' 3 C. R. 183. S3 LI]
In the late case of Heller v. Heller,' JusTaE HAND at special term, referring, to this amended section, in- timates, that now, in all cases, where the husband is not a co-plaintiff or co-defendant with the wife, she must prosecute or defend by her next friend.' But the learned Justice evidently gives too extended a meaning to the amendment in question. It is only in cases where ithe husband " canot be joined" that she is require& to appear by next friend; that is, where she prosecutes her husband or defends against him, and also, perhaps, in the class of cases men- tioned above, where the husband had abjured the realm, was an alien enemy, &c., &c., in which, under the old system, she was permitted to prosecute or defend separately. But in an action brought by the wife against a third party concerning her separate property, she may still sue alone, and without any nwxt friend' The question would seem to be settled by authority, notwithstanding the case of Coit v. Coit, and what was said' in Heller v,. Heller, above referred to.',The code does not in term compel ite wife to sue alone in actions relating to her separate estate. The words " may sue alone," it is said, are not to be construed, "must sue alone." Accordingly, in Van,1 0. R., N. S. 309. Also by same Justice, Cook v. Rawdon, 1 C. R., N. S. 382. I do not understand Justice Roosevelt as holding the con- trary in Willis v. UiderL'Il, 6 How. Pr. R. 396. The reporter's note does not correctly state the decision. He overlooked the im- portant word " duriatur," although it seems the court gave leave to amend by adding a r -*. friend.,4 See cases cited sue . p'i.e 79.,[on. U.
Buren v. Cockburn,' it was held, that a demurrer would not lie for a misjoinder of parties in such case. This was contrary to the practice before the code; it having been repeatedly held in this State that a suit in relation to the wife's separate property, where the interests of husband and wife were in con- flint, could not be brought in the names of i;oth. The wife must pros.ecute by her next friend,' and the husband should be made a party defendant;' or, where the husband brings an action, and his interests may conflict with those of the wife, she should be made a party defendant.' The action in the name of husband and wife is regarded as the suit of the husband alone," and she, being entitled to her sepa- rate action, it is presumed would not be precluded from bringing another. Notwithstanding the case of Van Buren v. Cockburn, therefore, it may well be doubted, on the authority of these decisions, whether the practice of joining the husband with the wife in suits where, by the Code, she may sue alone, is cor- rect.,The appearance of idiots, lunatics, &c., by their committees, and of persons acting in a fiduciary or representative character generally: will be treated of in the two following sections.,2 Code R. 63. ' 10 Paige, 193. 9 Id. 255. 6 Barb. 403, 3 Barb. Ch. R. 397, and see ante page 74. '. 6 Barb. 403. ' 3 Barb. Ch. R. 397. " Same cases.,81 SEO. L]
SETION II. OF PARTIES PLAINTIFF. TiE rule at common law, before the Code went into effect, was, that actions on contract must be brought in the name of the party in whom the lega nterest wis vested.' The legal interest did not, in all cases, mean the owneresi of, orproperty in, the con- tract. '7. 7s , eoni;elt ght be assigned, but a right of action for a -&ach&l es 1he c..uract did not pass with the assignment, except m the case of bil O. -- change and promissory notes, where the contract was made transferable by law, so as to vest the proper y absolutely in the assignee.' And though in cases other than these, the contract became in fact the pro- perty of the assignee, yet a suit for the breach of it could not be in his own name, but must be brought in the name of the assignor or original creditor.' The assignee might sue in his own name on a new promise made to him, subsequent to assignment, for this was regarded in the light of a new agreement or contract." If the assignor were dead the assignee must sue in the name of the executors or adminis- trators of the assignor. And by the statute of 1835,',' Chit. P. 2. ' 1 Chit. PI. 17. 4 How. Pr. R. 63, '2 BIack. Cor. 442. 4 8 T. R. 595. ' 2P. S. (3d Ed.) p. 445.,[a. n.
if there were no executors, or the executors had no interest, or refused to prosecute, the action might be in the name of the assignee.,In equity the rule was directly the reverse. Courts of equity allowed and protected assignments, and the assignee, in whom was vested the equitable interest and right of property in the contract, was the proper person to avail himself of the remedy.' The assignor was neither a necessary nor a proper party plaintiff. Or, as has been well stated. "if the assignee sues at law he is turned out of court, and if the assignor sues in equity he is turned out also.",Heal party in interest 9muet be plaintds.-The. Code of Procedure has adopted, with slight modifi- cations, the rule in relation to parties which has heretofore obtained in courts of equity. With the exceptions mentioned in § 113, the suit must be pro- secuted in all cases in the name of the party in interest, and the rule.which has prevailed in equity, with these modifications, may be very safely applied.' By the rule in equity the plaintiff must be, at the time of the commencement of the suit, immediately ,'.iterested in the subject matter of it, and the suit could not be prosecuted in the name of a mere nominal olaintiff, as might have been donein an action at law, on a negotiable promissory note or bill.' And it was a fatal objection, that some of the complainants showed no right whatever to participate in the relief sought.',5 Paige, Ch. R. 533, 6 Id. 598,7 Id. 21. ' Wallaoe v. Eaton, 5 How. Pr. R. 99. Report of' Cor. 123 and 124.," Monel, Pr. 20. ' 2 Sand. Ch. R. 183. sa. XL],83
A right of action for a tort is pe+t b :i4 able.' And no action can be maintained v. 'I;.. :; he name of the assignee. This was held oti.-w , il a Gene- ral Term in the fifth district, and s'atl.e ,l ftly at a Special Term in the same district,' bVd. ,..e amend- ment of 1851 to section 111 of the Code now de- clares that "this section shall not be deemed to authorize the assignment of a thing in action not arising out of contract." But although the mere right of action for a tort is not asdignable, yet after the conversion of a chattel, the owner may sell the chattel itself, so as to give the purchaser a right to maintain an action on a demand for it made by him and refusal to give it up.',In all cases, however, other than those of torts, where the contract has been assigned, the action must be brought in the name of the assignee. Thus where a bank sued on a draft payable to the order of its cashier, and the complaint alleged that it was delivered to the said cashier "for the said bank," it was held on demurrer that the complaint was good, and the suit was properly instituted in the name of the bank.',Subirstioi n of parties pkintff.-If the contract is assigned after the action is commenced, the action must be continued in the name of the original party, unless the court allows the person to whom the transfer is made to be substituted.' So also,,1 Pet. U. S.. 183. 2 Corn. 293. ' Kellogg v. Church, 3 C. R. 53. ' Per Hoyt J. 2 Corn. 293. 4 How. Pr. R. 64. D § 121 Am. Code, 84,[HI. n.i
too, in case of any other transfer of interest after commencement of suit, or in case of death, marriage, or other disability, the court will allow the actionto be continued by or against the plaintiff's representative, or successor in interest.' It must, however, in case of the death of a party, be a cause of action which ~rvives in order to authorize the court to allow it to be continued by the representative., By statute, ac- tions for injuries to the property, rights, and interests of another survive in the same manner as actions on contract, except, however, actions for slander, libel, assault and battery, and other injuries to the person.' In these cases last mentioned, the cause of action dies with the person, and. leave cannot be granted to the executor or administrator to continue it, unless in the one case of injury to the person, as provided by the statute of 1847.' Where a party prosecuting an action for such an injury dies pending the suit, the court will doubtless allow it to be con- tinued by his personal representative under this sec- tion of the Code. The suit, however, must have been actually commenced by the service of the summons before it can be revived on the death of a party.',The term " successor in interest," does not include the people when they claim lands by escheat.' And therefore it would not be proper for the court on motion to allow the people to be made a party in an ejectment suit on the death of a plaintiff.,A party claiming to be substituted must show ' 4 How. Pr. R. 358. ' 3 Sow. Pr. R. 385. ' 2 R. S. (3rd ed.) 543, § 1 and 2. * Chap. 450, page 575, Laws 1847. ' 3 Code R. 139. ' 4 How. Pr. 329. SEO. ILl,85
who is the successor. He must mnake out a pr-imn faci case before the right attaches:',The substitution has been refused to be made in a suit pending before the Code took effect,/for the rea- son that the provision as to such suits was unconsti- tutional.' Also, where the principal object of the substitution is to make the original plaintiff a wit- ness.',The "successor in interest," in case of a transfer, or assignment, is the person acquiring the title or property. The "representative" is the administrator or executor in suits which would be properly brought by them, and the heir in actions concerning the realty, as for example an action for an injunction to stay waste, for the recovery of real estate, &c. &c.,As to tl joinder of plantifs8.-The court provides that, "All persons having an interest in the subject of the action, and in obtaining the relief demanded, may be joined as plaintiffs, except as otherwise provided in this title."',And again: " Of the parties to the action, those who are united in in- terest must be joined as plaintiffs or defendants; but if the consent of any one who should have been joined as plaintiff cannot be obtained, he may be made a defendant, the rea- son thereof beifig stated in the complaint; and when the question is one of a common or general interest of many persons, or when the parties are very numerous, and it may be impracticable to bring them all before the court,,1 4 How. Pr. R, 329. 1 Denio, 50. '5 H6ow. Pr. 369. ' 6 id. 220. ' See Waldorph v. Bartle, 4 How. Pr. R. 358. ' I 117, Am. Code.,[aX 86
tone or more may sue or defend for the benefit of the whole.'1,And again: "The court may determine any controversy between the parties before it when it can be done without prejudice to the rights of others, or by saving their rights, but when a complete determination of the controversy cannot be had without the presence of other parties, the court may cause them to be brought in," &c.',It was said by JUSTCE MASON, in the case of Wal- lace v. Eaton, and others,' that the section last above quoted was the controlling section in detelrmining whether a demurrer for want of proper parties would lie.' " If the court," he says, " can determine the con- troversy before it without prejudice to the rights of others, or by saving their rights, then a demurrer for non-joinder of such parties is not well taken. If, on the contrary, a complete determination of the controversies cannot be had without the presence of other parties, then the demurrer is well taken, and the court should order them to be brought in by amendments of the pleadings." The same Justice quotes from the remarks of the Com- missioners on this subject, as indicating a rule of con- struction of these sections, as follows: " WVe have in- tended to leave suitors very much at liberty to choose whom to make defendants, and whom to join as lain- ti~s. No person can be affected by a judgment but,' I 119, Am. Code. ' Partof § 122, Am. Code. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 99; * See post, chap. vii. section 2. .nEo n.]
a party or one who claims under him. :This rule will make the plaintiff bring in all the parties whom he wishes to affect. The judgment, as we have seen by section 16i (now section 274), can be given for or against any ons or more of the plaintiffs or defend- ants.,It must be evident, however, that so loose a rule of construction as seems to be indicated by these re- marks, cannot be correctly or safely applied as a general rule. If, indeed, this explanation of the Com- missioners is entitled to any weight in the construc- tion of the statute, it should be taken in connexion with what was said by them, to be one of the three main purposes in view, namely: " To reqquire the presence of such parties as are necessary to make an end of the controversy ;"' in other words, that the necessary parties, at all events, must be before the court, and by allowing a demurrer for a defect of parties, this view of the subject is confirmed.,The rules prescribed and re-organized by the Supreme Court of the United States for the practice in equity cases are similar in many respects to these provisions of the Code. It is held in that Court that as a general rule all persons in interest must be made parties before a decree, but no one need be made a party against whom, if brought to a hearing, there can be no decree." No one need be made a party- complainant in whom there exists no interest, and no one a party defendant, from whom nothing is de- manded.' All persons materially interested in the,'Rep. of Cor. p. 121. 'Sum. 173, 9 Wheat. 733, 1 'al. 371. ' 6 Wheat. 560, 5 Cor. 173, 1 Pet. 299, 1 Wash. 517. 88,[caH. m
matter of a bill, as plaintifif or defendants, ought to be made parties to it, however numerous they may be; but there are exceptions to the rule,' and it should be restricted to parties whose interests are in the issue and to be affected by the decree.' If the com- plainant omits to bring before the court the proper parties, the objection is taken by demurrer, if it ap- pear upon the face of the bill, otherwise by plea or answer;' but if the parties are very numerous, and it is difficult to bring them all in, or the question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the whole, then the plea of want of proper parties will not be sustained, but the other parties may afterwards come in and have a rehearing.',These are general and well settled rules of equity and jurisprudence, and there can be little doubt that they are properly applicable to the system under the code. Most of them have been repeatedly recognized and acted upon by the courts of this state.' It is laid down as the most general principle in relation to par- ties to suits in equity, that every person who is at all ,nterested in tle event of a uit, or neceessary·to tiereli.ef must be apan'ty, ia order to enable the Courtto settle the rights of all and make a complete and definite decree upon the merits.' All persons who are entitled to any share of a fund are necessary parties to a bill for an ac- count and distribution of it.' All persons having a joint and common interest in the relief sought must,'2 Mason, 187. ' 1 Pet. 299 & 306. 13 Pet. 360. ' 2 Mason, 181. 2 Pet., 482, also rules 47 and 48. ' 1 John. Ch. R. 437. id. 344. 1 Barb. Ch. R. 59. c 9 John. R. 442. 2 Paige 278. G.Com. 537. 4 ib. 682. 9 id. 321. ' 1 Paige 517. 2 id. 280. 6 How. Pr. R. 379.,7 sEC. n.],89
be made parties either as plaintiffs or defendants;' and all persons who are entitled to litigate the same ques- tions are necessary parties to a suit to determine them.' Where it is apparent from the bill that there are par- ties who ought to have been made plaintiffi the de- fendant may demur; otherwise the objection can be taken by answer.',It seems, therefore, that the above sections of the Code are but re-enactments substantially of the old equity rules relative to parties, and extending these rules to actions at law. The words in See. 117, "All persons having an interest in the subject of the action, and.in obtaining the relief demanded, may join as plaintiffs, &c.," it is said will be construed must join.' Such, it 'seems, was the old chancery rule,' which ab- solutely required all persons having a joint interest in the subject matter, andin obtaining the relief sought, to join.' And where several persons had a common interest arising out of the same transaction, though their interest was not joint, they miglitjoi as complain- ants in one suit.' As, if the waters of a stream were diverted to the common injury of the mills below, the owners of the mills, though their titles were seve- ral, might properly unite in one bill for an injunc- tion.8 Though persons having adverse or conflicting interests in the subject of litigation, should not join as complainants.' When it is said, therefore, that,' 11 Paige, 321. 9 2 Paige, 378. 3 Barb. Ch. R. 625. ' 2 Paige, 280. 3 Id. 222. Sel. port. chap. vii. seo. 2.,Monell, Pr. 13. 6 See cases above cited. ' See also 9 Paige, 627. ' 3 Paige, 222. c 3 Paige, 577. 9 Paige, 255. 3 Barb. Ch. R. 397. 90,[OH.. I.
"must," it is presumed nothing more is meant than the application of the old equity rule of pleading, namely, that all persons having a joint as well as common interest in "the subject of the action, and in obtaining the relief demanded," are necessary parties, and must join as plaintiffs, except as other- wise provided in title three of the Code. Persons having a common, though not a joint interest, are proper parties, and man join; but where the interests in the subject of the litigation are adverse or conflict- ing, they cannot join as plaintiffs. Section 119 above quoted,1 seems to confirm this view, by enact- ing, that " those who are united in interest must be joined as plaintiffs;" that is, are necessary parties, except in the case mentioned in the same section, where any of them will not consent, in which case they may be made defendants; or, as the rule was established in equity, they must (unless under special circumstances) be made defendants.',The rule, however, that persons having a common though not a joint interest; or, as it is more broadly expressed in the Code, " all persons having an interest in the subject of the action and obtaining the relief sought," are proper parties, and may join, is not to be understood literally as allowing in all cases two or more persons, having separate causes of action against the same defendant, though arising out of the same trans- action, to unite and pursue their remedies in one action.',' Ante page 87. 2 2 Paige 15, 11 id., 49 id., 321. ',As to plaintiffs in an action of ejectment, see 2 R. S. (3 Ed.) p. 401, § 11.,91 amEOIt,],P.1T~aP M. " 1F-.
It has been well said that there is a class of cases where it is.not proper, under the Code, to joi persons as plaintiff who may have a cabmiot interest in the subject matter of the suit.:;-n actions that were for- merly denominatedl ex delicto,-for injuries to the person, as ;la3iider, battery, or false imprisonment, several persons cannot sue jointly; each must bring a separate action, except in cases of slander of title, an-d of words spoken of partners in respect of their trade,' Hence, though the battery-or false imprison- ment be of two or more persons at the same time, they must 'bing separate actions. They ate not "united in interest," though the cause of action arose at the same time and grew out of the same trespass.' The " common interest," it would seem, which would authorize parties, who might maintain separate actions, to. join in bringing a single action, must be a common interest in obtaining exactly the same measure and kind of relief. There must be one distinct general right, a community of interest, not merely in the subject matter involved, but also in the relief de- manded. Thus, a slander uttered of two persons jointly, cannot enable them jointly to sue, because each demands his separate damages, and the measure of damages might not be the same. There would have to be in effect,two verdicts and two judgments in the same suit.,It has, indeed, been laid down -n a late case," as a general principle in equity, subject, however, to many exceptions, that several persons having distinct and,1 Chit. P1.74. . Monell Pr.'74. Murray v. Hay, 1 Barb. Oh. R. 59. 92,[C. n1.
independent claims to relief against a defendant can- not join in a suit for the separate relief of each,'nor can a single complainant, having distinct and inde- pendent claims to relief, against two or more persons, severally, join them as defendants. In that case it was held that a prayer by several complainants for a perpetual injunction to restrain a, nuisance might be made, but not for an account, &c., of damages, seve- rally sustained by them. So in the late case of Peck v. Elder, it was held that persons owning separate tenements, affected by the same nuisance, might join as complainants.',Upon the same principle is the case cited above, where separate mill owners were held to be properly united in a bill for an injunction, for diverting the stream to the common injury of all.' And the rule seems to be that while several complainants cannot demand by one bill several matters of relief per- fectly distinct and unconnected, nor enforce joint and separate demands against the same defendant, yet where one genral right is claimed by-the bill, the objection of improper parties cannot be maintained.',Several persons cannot join their several rights in an action to recover specific, real, or personal pro- perty.' Two persons avowing that the title is in the one or the other, and each contending that it is in himself, cannot join' nor can a person join with him,3 Sand. 126, and cases cited on.page 131. ' Hop. 416, 3 Paige, 577. ' Halt Eq. 168. 20 Pick. 328. · B. Ch. P. 54. 2 Saund. P1. and Ev. part 2d. 5th Am. Ed. 769.,1 Turn. 107. SEa. IL],98
as co-plfabtiff, another who has no interest in the re- lief demanded.1 When real estate is sold in lots and purchased by different persons, they cannot be joined in one bill praying for a specific performance. The contract being distinct, a separate suit should be brought against each." But in such case, query, if under the Code, the purchasers cannot join in de- manding a specific performance on the part of the vendor ?,The provision in the Code that if the consent of a necessary party or plaintiff cannot be obtained, he must be made defendant, the reason being stated in the complaint, is also but a re-enactment of a well established rule in equity.' So also of the provision in the same section that where the question is one of a common or general interest of many persons, or where the parties are very numerous, and it may be impracticable to bring them all before the court, one or more may sue or defend for the benefit of the whole'.,'The provision in section 122 is also designed to conform the practice of making parties more closely to the equity system, and it is precisely the equity rule, namely, that " the court may determine any contro- versy between the parties before it, when it can be done without prejudice to the rights of others, or by saving their rights; but when a complete determination oi the controversy cannot be had without the presence of other parties, the court must cause them to be brought in." ''2 Russ 242. ' 1 Mad. C. R. 85. ' 10 Paigc, 288, Am. Code, § 119. 2 Barb. Ch. 362. 11 Conn. R. 112. 9 Cow. 230. '2 Mlason 181. Lub Eq. 251. 2 Pet. 482. 94,,[SEC. n.
An objection for want of proper parties taken at the hearing, it was said, ought not to prevail except in very strong cases, and where the court perceives that a necessary and indispensable party is wanting.' Where an objection is made for want of parties the court gives leave to amend and make proper parties,' unless where the objection has been taken by the de- fendant, in his answer, and the complainant neglects to make the proper parties until the hearing. In such case the court will dismiss the'bill, or in its discretion order the proper parties to be brought in.' The po- licy indicated by the code' is to allow an amendment in all cases, by ordering the proper parties to be brought in at the hearing, on such terms as may be prescribed.' An amendment, however, by adding or striking out the names of parties, it is said, cannot be 'made without leave of the court,. Therefore it ap- pears that on a demurrer for want of parties, or an answer setting up such an objection, if the plaintiff has not succeeded in making such parties as will ena- ble the court to determine the controversy, without prejudice to the rights of others, or by saving their rights,' he must either dismiss his complaint and com- mence anew, or apply on motion to the court for leave to amend by adding the proper parties.,The executor or administrator of a deceased part- ' 1 Pet. 11. S. R. 299, 306. ' 4 Wash. 202. 3 McLean, 104. 4Paige, 75. 7 Barb. S. C. R. 221. 1 Pet. 138, 139. §§ 122, 17S. o Per Willard Justice, Vandeworker v. Vandeworker, 7 Barb. 221.,e Rand. agt. Spear, 5 How. 142. id. 99. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 99. SEC. n],95
ner or joint contractor may unite with the survivor in prosecuting an action on a joint contract;' or, it is presumed, if he refuses to join, may be made a de- fendant under section 1.19.,Committees of Lunatics and pe;ron. guin'7g in a re- presentatves capacity.-The Code has Eso viy nearly adopted the equity rule as to parties in cases of trus- teeship. Section 111, that every action must be pro-- secuted in the name of the real party in interest, is made subject to the provisions of section 113, consti- tuting the exceptions to the general rule. This latter section has reference to three classes of persons: 1st. Executors and administrators; 2d. Trustees of an express trust; and 3d. A person expressly authorized by statute to sue; and reads as follows:,"An executor or administrator, a trustee of an ex- press trust, or a person expressly authorized to sue by statute, may sub without joining with him the person for whose benefit the action is prosecuted. A trstee of an exapess trust within the meaning of tMs section shall be consbtred to include aperson with whiom, or in hose name, a contract is nado for the benefit of aother.",i'eress t4ritm.-Before the amendment of this section, indicated by the words in italics, it was doubted whether the words " express trusts" did not refer solely to trusts of land authorized by the re- vised statutes, and which in the statutes are termed "express trusts." In the case of Grimiell .. Schmidt,2 in the N. Y. Superior Court, it was held that the words should not receive this restricted meaning.,' Rep. Con. on Code, 126.,[O.i2X. 96,* 2 Sand. 706.
JUSTICE MASON, in the opinion delivered in that case, aftr consideration with his associates, says: " They are capable of a more extensive signification, so as to include all contracts in which one person acts in trust for, or in behalf of, another. Of this kind are contracts made by factors and other mercantile agents who act in their own names for the benefit of, and without disclosing, their principals." It was also said in that case that the plaintiffs (the factors) were "the proper and the only proper persons to bring the action;" thus intimating that the word "may" was to be construed "must," a decision in some re- spects adverse to the case of Van Buren v. Cockburn, supra.',A similar decision was made by the Supreme Court, at General Term, in Erickson v. Compton," wherein it was held that it was proper for a principal to sue in his own name, on a contract made by an agent in 'the agent's own name, but of which the principal was sole owner. It was said, however, that the Code, in abolishing the common law rule in re- gard to parties in such case, conferred upon the principal the right to sue in his own name, or in the name of the agent, at his election.',It was held also in Grinnell v. Schmidt, that sec- tion 111 of the Code which provides that every action must be prosecuted in the name of the real party in interest, &c., was but a statutory enact- ment of the rule respecting parties.which has always prevailed in courts of equiby, and the court was,' 2 Code, R. 63. '6 How. Pr. R. 471, General Term, 7th District. ' Per T. R. STRONa, J. BEa n.],97
bound in its application to adopt, as far as practi- cable, those principles which have been found to be best suited to advance the ends of justice. Accord- ing to these principles, as we have seen,' the com- mittee of a lunatic might prosecute a suit in equity to avoid the acts of the lunatic, to obtain payment of a debt, &c., &c., without joining the lunatic, and therefore independent of the statute of 1845,: the Code, if this interpretation is correct, confers power upon the committee to do the same. Whether the words " express trust" may be construed in such a manner as to authorize the committee to prosecute an action concerning the real property of the lunatic without joining him may be doubted, but it by no means follows that such actions must be brought in the name of the lunatic alone.' On the contrary, the rule applicahle to parties under the equity system would iT;,l,'I ;ly 1 apply to such cases, and the commi:t. - r' . ssary, would at leasb be a pro- per pa aplaint," as the complaint of the lunati '- of both.,Sin .' Jo would apply as to the appear- ance ot :c defendant." He is, perhaps, a neces- sary party in actions concerning his realty, and may,' Ante page 96. '2 R. S. (3d ed.) 115, § 7. * In the note to § 113 in Voorhies' ed. of the Code, it is inti- mated that such actions must still be brought in the name of the lunatio.,'3 Barb. Oh. R. 24 7 John. Ch. R. 139. ' It is held by the U. S. Supreme Court that a lunatic must be a party; and if he has a committee, the committee must answer for him; if he has none, the court will appoint a guardian to answer. 4 Wash. 202.
be, under the Code, properly joined with the com- mittee in all cases; the committee as, of course, putting in the answer of the lunatic as his guardian.,As to other trustees and cesluit que tr'ts, simi- lar rules will apply. It was long the practice in Chancery, when a trustee commenced a suit, to re- quire the cestii que tru.st to be made a party, other- wise it was said tne latter would neither obtain relief nor be bound by it.' Still the rule was not impera- tive. And when the ce6tuzi que truovt filed a case (ex- cept against the trustee), both ought always to be joined as parties. Where the action is to remove the trustee, or for an account, &c., all the cetui lque t'z;ts interested in the estate must join. A married woman in such case must sue alone ny next friend, making her husband a party defendant.' A mere nominal trustee could not bring a suit in equity in his own name, but the cestui que trust must join.' But trustees of real estate, for the payment of debts or legacies, might sustain a suit, either as plaintiffs or defendants, without bringing before the court the. creditors or legatees for whom they were trustees.' So assignees, or other trustees of a fund, for the benefit of creditors, might sue for the protection of the fund, or the collection of part of it, without making the cestui que trusts parties.' But though the cestui que trust was not in such cases a necessary party, still he might be properly joined in actions prosecuted,' C. R N. S. 309, 6 Paige, 237, 2 John Ch. 242. See Ed. on Parties, 158, and cases cited. * 6 Barb. C. R. § 403. * 2 John. Ch. B. 38. Mitt. PI. 174. e Barb. Ch. B.254, 4 Paige, 23.,99 s'kO. m.]
for the benefit of hlis estate.' It is scarcely to be supposed that the Code designed to change the equity rule in this respect, or do anything more than autho- ie a trustee of an express trust to sue alone, per- mitting him, however, to join the estui qe t~'gwt in actions prosecuted for the benefit of the estate. What was said in the case of Grinnell v. Schmidt, above alluded to, though intimating that the word "may" was to be construed "must," was a mere dictum, and was not necessary to the decision of the case. That the agent or trustee in that case was the "onLy proper person to bring the action" does not necessarily mean, that the person for whose benefit the action is really prosecuted, might not also be a party. -,Eixeoutors8 acd Adminisratos? are also autho- rized by the Code to sue and be sued without joining the persons for whose benefit the action is prosecuted. This, of course, relates only to actions concerning the personal property, and actions for wrongs to the de- ceased specified by statute. The executor or admin- istrator has Aothing to do with the real estate of the deceased; and actions concerning it, should now, as before the'Code, be brought by the heir or devisee in whom the title vests. In an action to recover the possession of, or to determine any claim to real estate, the heir, and not the executor, is the representative of the deceased, and the only proper person to con- tinue such action. Though in an action to foreclose a mortgage, the executor, and not the heir, is the proper party plaintiff-the mortgage being assets in,Paige 20, 3 Edw. 175.
a proper party defendant.' And an action for the breach of the covenant of seizin or against incum- brances, accrues to the personal representatives, aid must be by the executor, and not by the heir.' But an action on a covenant which runs with the land, such as a lessor's covenant to repair damages by fire,' a covenant not to erect buildings in front of the pre- mises conveyed,' a covenant of warranty,' must be brought in the name of the heir, he being the real party in interest.,An executor or administrator is not a proper party to a suit for a partition of real estate, nor for an in- junction to restrain waste, or trespass to lands, or for a specific performance of a contract made with de- ceased to convey lands, &c., &c. The Code does not intend, in this respect, to alter the rule as it existed before.,Persons epresslj azcth7ized by statute are also ex- cepted from the operation of section 111 of the Code and may still prosecute, nptwithstanding they may not be the " real parties in interest." It is not deem. ed necessary to enumerate the various cases where persons are by statute authorized to sue. It includes all town and county officers,' supervisors, loan officers or commissioners of loans of a county, county super- intendents of poor, commissioners of common schools, commissioners of highways, trustees of school dis-,Ed. on Parties, 9. ' 4 John. 72, 10 Wend. 142. '3 Denio, 284. ' 4 Paige, 510. ' 2 John. 1 id. 395, 11 id. 122, 15 id. 497. 2 R. S. 325, §6.,101 s8B. i.],PA2=s PtAW".~JI~BP~pr
triets, and town superintendents of common schools,' it ras said by JUSTICE BPEOosoN, in supervisors of Gaiway v. Stimson,' that, in general, all public offi- cers, though not expressly authorized by statute, have a capacity to sue commensurate with their public trusts and duties; the authorityto bring all suits which the proper and faithful discharge of their offi- cial duties required, being an incident to their office.' The Code, however, seems to hare limited the right of action to persons expressly authorized by statute. The action should not be merely in the name of of- fice, but an the name of the officer, with the addition of his name of office.t Commissioners of highways, under the statute, cannot maintain an action of tres- pass for injury to the highway.' It has also been held at special term in two anonymous cases not re- ported, that they cannot maintain an action against a railroad company to compel such company to re- store the highway to its former state of usefulness, according to the obligation imposed by statute.',The president of a bank, incorporated under the geneial banking law, is authorized by statute to pro- secute all actions brought by or on behalf of such incorporation.' It seems that such actions may also be, and perhaps under the Code should properly be, brought in the name of the bank.' In case the ac-,2 R. . 569, § 107. ' 4 Hill, 136. 18 John. 407. ' 4 Hill, 136. 25 Wend. 365. 1 Denio, 510. Per BROWKN, Justice 2d District, and per WRIGHT, Justice 3d District.,'Chap. 260, laws of 1838, § 21. e 24 Wend. 345. 102,[~,AL
tion be brought in the name of the president; it should be with the addition of his title and the allegation made in the complaint that he is such president, and that the bank was organized under .the provision of the general banking act. If it appear upon the com- plaint that the cause of action belongs to another, it should also affirmatively appear that the person suing is expressly authorized by the statute to bring the action instead of the real parties in interest.,SECTION Il.' OF PARTIES DEFENDANT. Is regard to the defendant in a civil action the Code provides:-," Any person may be made a defendant who has, or claims an interest in the controversy, adverse to the plaintiff, or who is a necessary party to a complete determination or settlement of the questions involved therein."',This general rule which the Code prescribes to regulate the practice, in respect to making parties de- fendants, is, in effect, a re-enactment of the equity rule of pleadings, and was not probably intended to prescribe any other, or different principle, than here-,' Am. Code, § 118. . smo. ii.],103
tbfore tested the sufficiency of pleadings in equity. Ax/i first, it may be observed that this section does not mean to leave the plaintiff at liberty to select just such larties as he chooses to affect by the judgment, and nnle other. If there are gwces8.a/ry as well as proper parties to an action as plaintif; so too, there are necessy as well as proper parties, defendants. That the Code clearly contemplates this, is apparent from the fact that provision is made for raising an objection either by demurrer or answer, that there is a " defect of parties, plaintiff or defendant.'",The parties who are to be made defendants, are the parties in interest, the interest involved in the issue, and who necessarily are to be affected by the judg- ment.2 .All persons concerned in the demand, or who might be affected by the relief prayed, and all persons entitled to litigate the same questions, are necessary parties in a suit to determine them.' The rule that parties in interest, that is, having a right in the sub- ject matter of the controversy, which might be affect- ed by the judgment, must be made parties, though not applicable to bills for discovery, applied generally to all suits for mere relief.' A decree would not be made unless all the parties in interest were before the court;' and the principle is just as applicable now as it was before the passage of the Code.,But can a plaintiff under the Code, after joining such parties as are necessary and proper, unite with them others, who have no legal right in the contro-,' Am. Code, § 144. '1 John. oh. 344, 0, 1 Barb. Ch. R. 59. ' 3 Cow. 37, 2 Paige, 278, 3 Barb. Ch. R. 625. ' 1 MCord, Oh. R. 301. 7 Conn. R. 342. *9 John. 442, 11 Paige, 438, 3 Id. 466. 7 Cranoh, 72.
seems manifest that he cannot, if the objection is taken at the proper time by the demurrer or answer. There is'no provision in the Code authorizing an action to proceed against a defendant, in respect to whom there is no legal or suitable cause of action. Nor was there anything in the old system which au- thorized it. It is not right in any case to make a person-a party to a suit unless a decree can be obtain- ed against him, and no one is to be made a defend- ant merely to pay costs.' Bills have been dismissed on the ground of making persons parties to the end that they may litigate their own title.' No person can have a right to call another into court to make him contest a future legal right.' The commissioners of the Code say that they intend to leave the plaintiff at li- berty to "bring in all the parties whom he wishes to affect," and that inasmuch as judgment may be given for or against any one or more of the plaintiffs or de- fendants, the plaintiff who shall bring in too many parties will merely encounter the hazard of paying costs.' That is, we presume, if the objection of too many parties is not taken by demurrer or answer, it is held to be waived,' and cannot be raised on the trial; but in such case the court is to determine which are the unnecessary parties, and give judgment dis- missing the complaint as to them with costs, while the plaintiff gets his relief as against the other de- fendants. The commissioners certainly could not,' Ed. on Parties, 14. ' Id. 13. ' 1 Eden, 520. 4 Rep. of Cor. 125. Am. Code, § 148.,8,10'S E-. Ir.],': ~ Pa~IUIM D"TINsDA:NT.
mean that the suitor himself was to choose whom to make defendants, because they elsewhere say a main object has been " to reuir.- the real party a interst to appear in court as such." Se-;tion 120 is also re- pugnant to any such idea, because it expressly pro- .ides a class of cases in which the right is given to a plaintiff to include several defendants in the same action.," Persons severally liable upon the same obligation or instrument, including the parties to bills of ex- change and promissory notes, may, all or any of them, be included in the same action, at the option of the plaintiff."' It cannot be doubted, therefore, that an ob- jection for a misjpinder as well as for a non-joinder, may be taken as prescribed by the code by demurrer or an- swer,', and that, too, on behalf of any defendant. Every defendant has an interest in not having any persons made co-defendants but those whom the na- ture of the case renders it necessary or proper4to bring before the court. Persons who are not necessary par- ties cannot have any interest in the matters of the suit, and when defendants having an interest are united with defendants having no interest, if the fact appear on the face of the complaint, it will be bad on demurrer.',In respect to section 120, above quoted, it may be remarked that it applies to written instruments or ob- ligations. No distinction, however, is made between such instruments as are sealed, and such as are unseal- ed. Persons severally liable on such instruments,1 Rep. of Cor. 123. ' Am. Code, § 120. 'See Conde v. Shepherd, 4 How. Pr. 75. ' 2 Runs. 87. Ed. on Parties, 13. Laport, chap. vii. see. 2.,[oMH n. 106
may, a orm any' of them, be included in the same ac- tion. By statute the maker and endorser, drawer and acceptor of a promissory note, or bill, might be joined ' and this provision is retained by the section of the Code referred to. That section, however, goes. farther, and makes one or two changes which it is important to notice. A joint action at common law could not be maintained on a covenant entered into, by two or more severally. So, if the contract was, joint and several, the plaintiff must sue aU jointly or eaCh separately, and could not sue two of three, or. more of the parties.' These principles, so far as they affect every description of written instrument or ob- ligation, are now changed by section 120 of the Code.r the plaintiff, at his option, being at liberty to sue any one, or more, or all the parties so liable. But in S late case' it has been held that the' section does not authorize the joinder of a person liable as a mere guarantor, with the principal in a covenant under seal, though the guarantee was executed on the same day, and on the same piece of paper. The covenant of the principal, and the covenant of the guarantor, it was said, are not the "same obligation or instru- ment" within the meaning of the Code, and on a de- murrer to such a complaint judgment was rendered for the defendant. This differs from the case of Enos v. Thomas,' in which it was held that the principal and,i Laws 1832, p. 489, § 1. 1835, p. 248. * 1 East. 226, 227. ' 37 B. 782. 1 Saund. 291. ' DeRidder v. Sohermerhorn, 10 Barb. S.C. B. 638. Special Term, per WILLARD, J. .,4 How. Pr. R. 48. sEC, n.],107
surety might properly be joined in one action,--and such, I think, is doubtless the correct practice since the late amendment to sectionl'67..,It is improper to make one who acts ministerially a defendant.' Nor can a person be made a defend- ant on the ground of his being an agent merely.' The assignee of a judgment is a necessary party to a suit for a perpetual injunction thereon,' and an as- signee of a mortgage may be made a defendant in an action to set aside the mortgage as erroneous.' 'But a judgment creditor in a complaint to set aside an as- signment need not make all the creditors parties ;' though it would be otherwise in an action to establish and carry out the assignment.,It has been recommended as correct practice, in the case of an action prosecuted by the assignee of a chose in action, to make the assignor defendant," after a demand pursuant to section 119 of the Code;- but it is difficult to see how an assignor, who has absolutely transferred his interest, can, under ordin- :ary circumstances, be a proper party to an action. It is clear that he could not join as plaintiff because !he is not the real party in interest; and, therefore, he could not properly be made defendant by virtue of section 119. An assignee could not sue in equity in the name of the assignor ;' nor was the absolute .assignor of a chose in action a proper party to a suit for its recovery.8 And it was never necessary, in an,3 Atk. 147. ' 1 Barb. Ch. R. 157. ' 11 Paige, 438. ' Niles.v. Randall, 2 C. R. 31. 1 C. B. N. S. 325. 6 How. Pr. 379. ' Note to § 111 Code, Voorhies' Ed. ' 5 Paige, 539, 6 id. 583. ' 2 Paige, 289. 108,[on. II.
action for relief and not for discovery, where all the equitable interest had been assigned over, to make the assignor a party.' It can neither be necessary nor proper to do so under the Code.,In what were formerly denominated actions at law, it cannot, as a general thing, be a difficult matter to determine who are proper parties defendant. The old rules of pleading are, in the main, applicable. There are, however, some exceptions. Thus one partner, or tenant in common, could not sue his co- partner or co-tenant at law; nor could a cestui que trt sue his trustee. The remedy was in equity.' Now, by the Code, the same form of action is adopted in all cases; and a co-partner or co-tenant may be made a defendant, as a trustee may to answer his cestui que trut.,Where, in an action on contract, there are several parties, if the contract be joint, they must all be defendants," even if one of them have a certificate of bankruptcy.' If one be dead, the survivors are the proper defendants.' But section 118, say the com- missioners of the Code, will enable a plaintiff to ex- haust, in one suit, his remedy against a surviving partner, and the representative of a deceased partner.' And so also, it is presumed, in the case of the death of one of several contractors, party to any joint con- tract. The doctrine was recognized in the late case of Ricart v. Townsend and others,' wherein it was said, that if the action was brought to reach the,' 4 Mits. P1. 179, 5 Mad. 475. ' 1 Chit. PI. 34 and 38. ' 1 Chit. PI. 41. ' 6 Taunt. 178. ' 15 Wend. 318. ' Rep of Cor. 126. ' 6 How. Pr. B. 460. SEC. IL],109
partnership property, the surviving partner is .a necessary party, and the representatives of the de- ceased partner are proper parties, because they have an interest in the controversy. But in such case, the prayer of the complaint should clearly define the .particular. kind of relief which the plaintiff seeks against each party; if not, it may be corrected on motion.',Where the contract is so framed that it does not confer upon the plaintiff a remedy against the con- tractors jointly, but each is only separately respon- sible for his own act, it is essential to sue them sepa- rately.' The Code, however, as we have just re- marked,' conformable to the existing statute autho- rizing suits against parties to bills and notes, per- mits persons severally liable on written obligations or instruments, including bills of exchange and pro- missory notes, to be joined as parties defendant.',Where the contract is several, as well as joint, the plaintiff is at liberty to proceed against the parties jointly, or each separately, though their interest be joint.' An infant or married woman contracting jointly with adults, is not a proper party defendant, because not capable of entering into a contract." In an ,action on a bond executed by a married woman and her husband, she should not be joined; but she' would be a proper party in an action to foreclose a mortgage given to secure the payment of such bond,,' 6 How. Pr. R. 460. ' 1 Chit.; PI. 43. 'Ante page 106. ' Slo0um v. Hooker, 10. L.O. 49. ' Am. Code, § 120. 1 Chit, PL 45.,[ol. n. -110
the legal interest in the premises being vested in her.',In an action for a wrong, the person committing the injury, either by himself or his agent, is in gen- eral to be made the defendant. All persons who direct or order the commission of a trespass, or the / conversion of personal property, or assist upon the occasion, are in general liable as principals, though they may not have been benefited by the act;' and, in some cases, a party may be sued, though he neither committed the act nor assented to it, as for the neg- ligence or unskilfulneas of a servant or agent while acting in the course of his employ;' but not, how- ever, if the injury was wilful.' All or any of the parties to a tortio.. act, or one alone, may in general be sued as defendan,.'6 At least such was the rule and there does not seem to be anything in the Code to render all joint wrong-doers necessary parties in an action for the wrong. There are, however, some toits which in lega'. consideration are considered the separate act of each wrong-doer, and a joint action will not lie against two or more, as for verbal slander or an action on a penal statute.',It may be here remarked that where two or more causes of action are united under § 167 of the Code, such causes of action " must affect all the parties to the action." In other words, parties cannot be joined either as plaintiff or defendants, unless the causes of action exist in the same right, in favor of all the,4 How. Pr. R. 75. Conde v. Nelson, 2 C. R. 58. · 11 John. 286, 1 Sand. 47. ' 4 Comp. 72. 1 Chit. Pi. 80. * Ib. '6 John. 31. 6 John. 32. 1 Chit. PI. 85. sac. U.],ll
plaintiffs, and against all the defendants.' This prin- ciple will oe further discussed in the following chap- ter on the joinder of actions.,An actiem, to recover thie jpossession of personal property, is a substitute for the action of replevin as it before existed. The action is possessory for the recovery of specific property with damages for its detention as under the revised statutes. Acccrding- ly in Roberts v. Randel,' the Superior Court of New York, after a consultation of all the judges, held that under the Code an action for the recovaey of personal property could not be maintained against a defendant who has not in fact or in law the pos- session or control of the property claimed. The cases in the Supreme Court of Cary v. Hotaling, and Olmstead v. Hotaling,' were declared to be not well founded, and the rule laid down that under the Code and under the Statute, as at common law, the action was still purely. a possessory action, althcugh by the statute it was extended to cases where, at common law, even if the goods were in the defendant's cus- tody, trover or detinue were the only remedies.' Therefore, one who has taken or converted personal property is neither a necessary nor a proper party to an action for the recovery thereof where he has ab- solutely parted with the possession, and t.a no legal control over the .property.,An action to recover the posess'on of veal' pro- perty, is also, as under the statute and at common law, a possessory action. It could not, under the statute, be maintained by a plaintiff against a person,4 How. Pr. R. 48. 10 Barb. S. 0. R. 638. 3 Sand. 707. 1 Hill, 311, 317. Id. 714, 715. 112,[H. IT.
merely claiming title, when there was an actual oc- cupant;' nor could such person claiming be joined with.the actual occupant, except on his own applica- tion, and never at the election .of the plaintiff.' The phraseology of section 118 of the Code, and the 17th section of the statute (2 R. S. 3d ed. p. 435) is the same-"' Any person may be made a dmfendant ," but this has been expressly held under the statute to mean only on the application of the person claiming title, where there was an actual occupant, and not at the option of the plaintiff.',It has been held at special term in the third dis- trict that this rule is much changed, and th&t in an action to recover possession of land all persons claim- ing title to, or an interest in, the property, may be made defendants, as well as the persons in actual possession.' With deference to the opinion of the learned Justice making this decision- it may well be doubted whether it can be sustained. A case not reported arising under the Code, and involving pre- cisely the same point, was subsequently argued on appeal at the General Term in the same district, and a verdict for plaintiff set aside.','2 R. S. (3d ed.) 400, § 4. The same has been held at Circuit since the Code. See note 5 below.,' 2 R. S. 435, § 17. 12 Wend. 561-2. 25 Id. 434. ' Shaver v. McGraw, 12 Wend. 558. ' Per PARKER, Justice, 4 How. Pr. R. 358. NoTE.-Barton v. Vought. Judgment rendered at the February General Term, 1852. In this case the plaintiff sued the landlord claiming title. On the trial at the Columbia Circuit, it appearing that a tenant was in actual possession, Justice Willard ordered the complaint to be dismissed, but gave the plaintiff liberty to amend by adding the landlord as a party. At a subsequent trial the ques-,113 SEC. a.]
Amendment to section 122 of the Code, (made since the decision of Justice Parker in Waldorphi v. Bartle,') gives the court power, when a person in interest, not a party in action, for the recovery of real or personal property " makes application to be made a party," to make him such party by the proper amendment.' This would seem to settle ahe rule pre- cisely as it was under the revised statute, and as laid down in Shaver v. McGraw,' and in Roberts v. Ran- dell, supra,4 that the party in actual possession, and having the control and the right of possession, is the only proper party defendant in an action to recover the possession of either real or personal property; but that the court will allow under § 122 of the Code any person having an interest, on his own application, to be made a party. This view of the case is also sustained by comparing sections 455 and 471 of the Code, which make existing statutory provisions re- lating, "to actions concerning real property" appli- cable to actions brought under the Code, with sections 28, 30, and 33, R. S., 3d Ed. p. 403 and 4.,Parties occupying land in severalty, cannot be pro- ceeded against by the general owner, jointly under the Code.' tinn of the misjoinder of parties was raised, and a verdict for plain- tiff was taken, subject to the opinion of the Supreme Court. That court granted a new trial, and although there was another control- ling question presented in the case, still it was understood that the majority of the court held the point relative to the misjoinder of the parties well taken. The author speaks of this ease from per- zonal knowledge, as ho was engaged as-counsel on the trial of the cause, and'alo on the argument at General Term.,'4 How. Pr. R. 358. ' Am. Code, § 122. ' 12 Wend. 561, 2. ' 3 Sand. 707. Fosgate v Man: 9 Barb. S. C. R. 296. 1,14
In respect to making those who are sued on account of another, parties defendants, such as committees of lunatics, trustees of express trusts, as provided by section 113 of the Code, executors, and administrators, &c.; the reader is referred to what was said ante pages 96, 97.,Where a complainant claims in opposition to a deed of trust, or assignment, as fraudulent and void, Se may proceed against the assignee or trustee with- out joining the cestui que trst.' The trustee or as- signee, however, is a necessary party; so also the assignee of a judgment is a necessary party for a per- petual injunction thereon.',In actions toforeclose a mortgage, the owner of the equity of redemption is a necessary party.' But the mortgagor, though he is personally liable for the debt, is only a proper and not a necessary party to a bill of foreclosure against his grantee, and the grantee cannot object that the mortgagor is not. a party.4 The assignee of a bond and mortgage may make the as- signor, whoguaranteed their collection, a party, in order to obtain a judgment against him for the deficiency.' One claiming adversely to the mortgagor cannot be made a party for the purpose of trying the title.' But quere, whether, under the Code, this may not be done ? On a bill to foreclose a mortgage, all incum- brancers existing at the commencement of the suit,,'4 Barb. S. C. R. 232, id. 463; 3 Paige, 379, 4 id. 33, 1 C. R. N. S. 325; 6 How. Pr. R. 379.,' 11 Paige, 438. 10 Paigb, 409. ' 6 Paige, 343. ' 9 Paige, 90. ' 6 Paige, 635; 2 Ba-b. S. (. R. 20; 3 Barb. Oh. R. 438 aEO. n],115
should be made parties;' and where legacies are charged upon the land, legatees are necessary parties, though the mortgage is subsequent to the charge." It is not necessary or proper to make the executor of a mortgagor a party defendant; the party in interest is the heir,' but the personal representative of a mortgagor should be a party for the execution of a trust for sale, by way if mortgage; an account can- not be taken in his t - be.' And in general, all persons having an inte in the equity of redemp- tion, should be made parties.5 And whether the in- cumbrancers are prior or subsequent to the mortgage, they are proper if not indispensable parties to a com- plaint for foreclosure.',In a ation for partition of lan.-It was held, previous to the revised statutes, that neither a mort- gage nor a judgment creditor was a proper party to a partition suit, and their rights could not be affected by a sale.' But the revised statutes have altered the rule, and have authorized the court to decree a sale which will give the purchaser a perfect title, dis- charged from all liens and incumbrances. By statute, it is not necessary in the first instance to make a creditor, having a lien on the premises by judgment, decree, mortgage, or otherwise, a party to the pro- ceedings. But the complainants may at their election make every creditor, having a epecifi lien on the un- divided estate or interest of any of the parties by,4 John. Ch. 1R. 605, 3 id. 459; Act of 1844, amending act of 1840; 1 Barb. Ch. R. 490. 2 6 John. Ch. RB 450.,' Ed. on Parties, 93; 1 John. Ch. R. 252. 'Ed. on Parties, 97. ' Story, Eq. PI. 17. ' Id. 3 John. Ch. R. 459. ' 7 John. Ch. R. 140. 1 Paige, 469.,,O[ rL. -116
mortgage, devise, or otherwise, a party to the pro- ceedings.' Every person entitled to dower, if it has not been admeasured, must also be a party.' Tenants in common (unless owners unknown) must all be parties; otherwise, a partition cannot be decreed.' Where a person has parted with his title, and no re- lief is prayed for or against him, he is not a proper party to an action for the partition of real estate.4 Before the Code, it was held that where the title was denied, or not clearly established, a bill for partition could not be sustained; but the bill would be retain- ed to give the plaintiff an opportunity of establishing . his title at law. This is, doubtless, otherwise by the Code; the parties may now litigate the title in an action for partition, the distinction between actions at law and in equity being abolished.0,'2 R. S. 318, §§ 8 and 9; 2 Paige, 27. 'Id. 2 Barb. Ch. R. 398. '7 Barb. 225; 2 Barb. Ch. R. 407. ' 1 John. Ch. R. 14. ' As to who are proper parties in actions for other equitable o specific relief, see Story, Eq. P1., Lube, P., Mits. Eq. Edward on Parties, &c. at. m.],117
CHAPTER III. OF THE JOINDER OF ACTIONS. TnE Code, as amended in 1852, provides for the jinder of actions as follows:-,The plaintiff may unite i thie same co~Mplaint several causes of action, whether they be such as have been heretoford denominated legal or equitable, or both, where they all arise out of-," 1. The same transaction or transactions connected witA the 8amW subject of action.,"2. Contract, express or implied; or, "3. Injuries with, or without force, to person and lpro- perty, or either; or,,"4. Injuries to character; or,- " 6. Claims to recover real property, with or without damages, for the withholding thereof, and the rents and profits of the same; or,,"6. Claims to recover personal property, with or without damages, for the withholding thereof; or,,"' 7. Claims against a trustee, by virtue of a contract, or by operation of law.," But the causes of action, so united, must all belong to one of these classes; and must affect all the parties to the action, and not require different places of trial; and must be separately stated."',' Am. Code, § 767. 118,[C.V. Iss. -
The words in italics indicate the amendments made by the Legislature of 1852 .to the Code of 1849.,The conflictins decisions, made before this amend- ment, in reepf tc. the joining of causes of action for both legal aL, suitable relief, have already been noticed.' The amendment settled the practice in this respect, by providing, in terms, that claims for both legal and equitable relief may be united in the same action. In Alger v. Scoville,' it was said that an action could not be maintained on a contract against one defendant, united with a cause of action against another defendant, as trustee; as, for example, a claim against one defendant for a money demand and interest, with a claim for the removal of another de- fendant as assignee. It was also held a sufficient ground for demurrer, that the complaint contained distinct causes of action, in some of which the defendants were not interested.,The amendment contained in the first subdivision of the above section, was probably designed to reach such a case, by providing that causes of action, whether legal or equitable, or both, might be'joined where they all arise out of " te same trawaction t'amrsactiwio connctedwith the same subject of action ;" thus authorizing the joinder of a claim for the re- covery of a demand on a contract, with a claim to satisfy the same demand out of property in the hands of an assignee of the debtor, he being made a party defendant for that purpose.,It must be admitted, however, that the language,· 6 How. Pr.R. 181.,1A19 1 Ante chap. i. ace. 8.
used in this clause of the section is vague and in- definite, and in the absence of any judicial interpre- tation it is difficult to say what may be its true sig- nification. Is the clause to be construed as the con- trolling clause of the section, and as qualifying all the rest, so as to allow distinct causes of action, such for example as a contract, and a claim to recover personal property, to be joined, provided they both or all arise out of the " same transaction or transac- tions, connected with the same subject of action?" This might seem to be the intention from the fact that the section before the amendment provided that "the causes of action so united must all belong to one only of these classes"--and by the amendment the word only is omitted. Under such a construction if A unlawfully takes possession of the house and fiur niture of B, and withholds the same, B might be al- lowed to unite an action to recover the possession of the personal property, with an action to recover the real property, (claiming his 'general damages for withholding both,) and an action for injury done to the personal property and freehold.,Or was the amendment intended even to go fur- ther, and permit a plaintiff to unite distinct causes of action (arising out of the "same transaction," &c.) against different defendants, having different rights, interests, and independent and separate defences?,It is difficult to say whether all this is intended, by the amendment in question, or, indeed, what is in- tended except perhaps in one respect. In.the case of Alger v. Scoville the word "only" in the statute was insisted upon by the court as a controlling word to sustain the decision. The word "only" being now 120,[OH. m.
omitted that decision may safely be considered no longer an authority. The amendment is at least a legislative reversal of Alger v. Scoville. Until ju- dicially interpreted, we should hesitate to say it was anything more.,Under the former practice the joinder of actions was generally considered with reference to two things, namely, first, the joinder of different for'm of action, and second, of different bigvts of action. Different forms of action could not as a general thing be joined, as an action of assumpsit and debt, or as- sumpsit and covenant, though both arose upon con- tract. But if the form of action was the same, the plaintiff might unite as many causes of action in the same declaration as he pleased; as for example, debt on a simple contract, with debt on a bond or other specialty.,These distinctions, with respect to the form of the action, are, of course, abrogated by the Code; and the only distinction recognized is that which respects different right of action. These are classified by the Code as set forth in the section above quoted; and though the classification is essentially different- from the former system, and allows the plaintiff a much wider latitude in the joinder of causes of action than formerly, yet, it is said, that, subject to this different classification, the rules to determine what causes of action may be joined, are not changed.' Different rights of action, therefore, not existing in favor of all the plaintiffs, and against all the defendants, it is pre- sumed cannot be joined, though belonging to one,Enos v. Harman, 4 How. Pr. B. 48.,9,121
only of the several classes enumerated.' Thus now, as formerly, a plaintiff cannot bring a joint action. against two, and state in one part of his complaint that one of them assaulted and beat him, and in an- other part that the other defendant took away his goods.' But a plaintiff may join a demand due him in his own right, with a demand due him as survivor;' though he cannot join a demand in hisown right with another due him as executor ; nor can a demand against the defendant, as executor, be united with one against him individually;' nor can a count, on a pro- mise by husband and wife, be joined with a count on a promise by the wife, dwnn ola;' the general rule being, that the several causes of action should all exist in the same rigft, otherwise they cannot be joined.,Before the last amendment to the section of the Code, which defines what causes of action may be joined, it was held that a claim for money had and received, could not be joined in a complaint with a claim founded on a refusal to deliver up certain notes alleged to have been paid.' Also, that claims for in- juries to personal property, and to recover its posses- sion, are substantially different causes of action.',Malicious indictments or prosecutions, are an injury 'See De Ridder v. Sohernorhorn 10 Barb. S. C. R. 638. '2 Saund. 117, 4 T. R. 360. '3 T. R. 433, 5 Id. 403. 1 T. R. 489, 3 Id. 659, 4 Hill, 492. '4 Saud. Ch. R. 31. ° 16 John. 281. Cahoon v. Bank of Utica, 4 How. Pr. R. 423, 3 C. R. 110. 'Spaulding v. Spaulding, 3 How. Pr. R. 287, Dow v. Green, Id. 377.,[on. m. 122
to character;' accordingly, under subdivision four of this section of the Code, ithas beefi said that an action for malicious prosecution may be united with an action for slander or libel.' But, query, if malicious prose- cution is not also an injury to the person, and may not, under subdivision three, as amended, be joined with an action for assault and battery, trespass to property, real or personal, and criminal conversation. Criminal conversation with the wife, is said to be an injury to the person of the husband;' and, of course, the three last mentioned causes of action may be united in the same complaint.,Under this subdivision, the plaintiff may unite different claims against the same person or persons for every kind of injury to his absolute or relative rights of person or property, except only that class known exclusively as injuries to character.,So, too, under the second subdivision, he may unite actions arising on every species of contract, express or implied, sealed or unsealed, in writing, on judgment or by parol.,The joinder of these different causes of action, how- ever, in all cases is limited by the provision of the Code, that they must " affect all the parties to' the action, and not require different places of trial, and must be separately stated.",They must affect all the parties to the action; that is, within the rule above stated, they must all exist in the same right, in favor of all the plaintiffs, and against all the defendants. A plaintiff cannot,' 3 Black Cor. 118. e Watson v. Howard, 3 C. R. 218. Per EDWARDS J. * 3 Black. Cor. 139, 4 How. Pr. R. 234.,123
sue two defendants on a joint contract, and unite a claim on a separate contract against one of them. And see, further, the preceding chapter as to the joinder of parties.,The causes of action so joined, must not require different places of trial. Thus, in an action to recover real estate situated in one county, a claim to recover lands in another county, cannot be joined, because actions to recover real property must be tried in the county where the land is situated. So, also, in an action to recover personal property distrained; actions against public officers, &c., &c.,The actions so united must also be separatey stated; and it has been held, that unless so stated the com- plaint may be demurred to.' The late rules of the Supreme Court require also that they shall n6t only be separately stated, but plainly mlmered.' A neglect to comply with the rule, though not, perhaps, a proper ground of demurrer, would be an irregular- ity, which the Court would correct on motion.,The separate statements of different causes of ac- tion, required by the Code, is equivalent to separate counts under the old system, and each cause of action must be distinctly set forth by itself.' Thus it was held different causes of action in slander, as for words alleged to have been spoken of the plaintiff in one place, and words alleged to have been spoken of him,Am. Code, § 123. ' 2 0. R. 145. But see further on this subject, post, chap. vii. sec. 2.,' Rule 87. The Rule applies to answer and reply, as well as complaint.,' Pike v. VanWormer, 5 How. Pr. R. 171. Per Willard J.,[on. mI 124
in another, could not be joined, unless each distinct slander was separately stated by itself in a separate count.' The same doctrine was held by the same Justice in Durkee v. Saratoga and Washington Rail- road Co.',In that case the plaintiffs united three substantive grounds of injury, viz., one for the building an em- bankment on the'defendants' own land; one for building an embankment on the highway near the plaintiff's store; and a third for erecting an embank- ment on the plaintiff's land. The injuries were not separately stated but blended together, and judgment was rendered on that ground for the defendants on demurrer.,But the Code does not require or permit the sev- ering of a single cause of action. Thus in an action for th6 negligence of the defendant, it has been held in a late case at Special Term,' that the complaint might properly set forth in one statement allegations of injury to both the property and person of the plaintiff The ground of the action was the negli- gence; and all the injuries resulting from the act of negligence constituted but a single cause of action. The court says in that case, "the legislature, in using the term, 'several calses of action,' in this section must have had reference to the causes of action as 'they were then founded, limited, and defined by the common law; for there was no other resort to awcer- tain what constituted a cause of action." This agrees,' 5 How. Pr. R. 171. ' 2 CodeR. 145. 4 How. Pr. R. 226. ' Howe v. Peokham, 6 How. Pr. R. 229. 10 Barb. S. C. R. 656 per MASON J.,125
in the main, with what was said by JUSTICE HAEBIs in Enos v. Harmon,' that the Code "has not changed the rule as it previously existed by which to deter- mine what causes of action might and what might not be joined, although it had changed the classifica- tion of actions. Now, as before, the causes of action to be joined must be in favor of all the plaintiffs and against all the defendants, and must all belong to the same class.',Thi several cauwes of action must be separate and independent claims, and not the sanme claim stated in different forms like the different counts in a declara- tion. In a case at Special Term in the third Dis- trict,' this was held unnecessary repetition and bad pleading, and a motion was granted to strike out all but one statement, or compel the plaintiff to elect by which he would abide.,It was very correctly remarked in a case decided before the last amendment,4 that the commissioners probably had in view actions at law merely, and not equitable actions, when they framed section 16 7. The nature of these actions was well understood and their character well defined. There cannot be, therefore (independent of the difficulty arising from subdivision 1, which has just been noticed,") much difficulty in determining what actions may be joined under each,Ante, page 107. ' But quory, how far this rule is now changed by the late amend- ment, and see exceptions noticed, post, chap. vii. sec. 2.,' Stockbridge Iron Co. v. Mellen, 5 How. Pr. R. 439. Durkee v. Saratoga R. R. Co., 4 How. Pr. R. 226. Ante, page 123. 126,[o0. M.
of the other subdivisions, and as the subject will be again incidentally treated of in the chapter on the demurrer,' it will not be necessary longer .to dwell upon it here.,It should be observed, however, that there is a large class of actions in which relief was formerly administered on the equity side of the court, which do not strictly belong to either one. of these subdi- visions, and for the joinder of which, therefore, the Code prescribes no rule. Such are actions for divorce; to correct mistakes in written instruments; to set aside a deed for fraud; to establish a trust, &c. &c.; and generally most of the various species of claims for equitable relief. It would be too much to say, on the one hand, that, because the Code is silent, no two of such causes of action can be joined in one complaint, or on the other that, for the same reason, the plain- tiff might join as many as, and what he pleased, no matter how dissimilar and incongruous they may be, as for example, an action to set aside an assign- ment for fraud, with an action against assignor and as- signee to foreclose a mortgage. On the contrary, the rule is otherwise; and the plaintiff it is believed, may unite with each other, several causes of action, not properly classified under either of the seven sub- divisions of section 167, in the same manner, and to the same extent, as he formerly might do in the same class of actions in equity. And see farther as to what causes of action may be so united, and what is multifariousness, and when a misjoinder is demurrable, post, chap. vii. section 2.,'Post, chap. vii. § 2.,127
JOINDEl TO AMTIONS.,[C.I m. Although, as above remarked, it is now settled that legal and equitable causes of action may be united in the same complaint, yet this seems to be proper only in that class of cases where both causes of action can be referred to one of the subdivisions of section 167, and also subject to the limitations- in such sec- tion, that such causes of action must affect all the parties, and not require different places of trial, and the further limitation that they be consistent with each other.,/
CHAPTER IV. OF THE COMPLAINT. TEi first pleading on the part of the plaintiff is the complaint.' This is a substitute at once for the old chancery complaint in a suit in equity, and for the declaration in an action at law.,A declaration under the old system was defined to be a specification in a methodical and legal form of the circumstances which constitute the plaintiff's cause of action.' The most important requisites of the de- claration were, 1st, that it correspond with the pro- cess; 2d, that it contain a statement of all thX facts necessary in point of law to sustain the action, and no more; and 3d, that these circumstances be set forth with certainty and truth.',With the exception of dispensing with the "m etho- dical and legal form," the Code does little more or less than re-embody these rules of the common law. It declares that the complaint shall contain:-,1st. The title of the cause, specifying the name of the court in which the action is brought, the name of the county in which the plaintiff desires the trial to,A.Cd, § 14. '.Ci.P.20,'Id. 243, 244.,129 'Am. Codep § 141.,' 1 Chit. PI. 240.
be had, and the names of the parties to the action, plaintiff and defendant.,2d. A plain and concise statement of the facts, con- stituting a cause of action, without unnecessary re- petition.,3d. A demand of the relief to which the plaintiff supposes himself entitled. If the recovery of money be demanded, the amount thereof shall be stated.',Each of these requisites of the complaint will be treated of separately in this chapter, in the following order:-lst. The title. 2d. The statement of facts. 3d. The demand for relief. The two remaining sec- tions of the chapter will consist of other matters pro- per to be spoken of, in connexion with the complaint, as follows :-lst. The verification. 2d. Supplemental complaint.,SECTION I. THE TITLE. THE complaint must contain the title of the cause, specifying the name of the court in which the action is brought, the name of the county in which the plaintiff desires the trial to be had, and the names of the parties to the action, plaintiff and defendant.,' Am. Code, § 142.,[Con. V 130
An omission to state either of these particulars is an irregularity, which is to be corrected, it seems, not by demurrer, it not coming within any of the grounds specified as causes of demurrer,' but by mo- tion to set aside the complaint for the irregularity ; and the plaintiff after notice of such a motion, can amend his complaint only on payment of the de- fendant's costs.' This has been directly held in cases where no mention was made in the complaint of the county where the plaintiff desired the trial to be had.',In Hill v. Thacter,' a motion was made to set aside the complaint, on the ground of irregularity, it not containing the proper title of the cause, in respect to the names of the parties; the motion was entertained and heard on the merits, but denied among other things, on the ground that the title in this respect was sufficiently set forth in the body of the complaint. The Code, it was said, does not specify in what part of the complaint the title shall be found.,It is said, however, that in a court of limited juris- diction, where the trial can be had in only one county, a complaint will be good, though it omit to specify the name of the county.',If the name of the court be omitted, the objection, it is presumed, will be taken the same way, namely, by motion to set aside the complaint for the irregu-,'By § 144; see also post, chap. vii. sec. 2. Williams v. Wilkinson, I C. R., N. S. 20. 'Hall v. Huntley, 1 C. R., N. S. 21. 4Id. 3 How. Pr. R. 407, 2 0. R. 3. 1 Code Rep. 39.
larity. A demurrer by the Code is allowed where the complaint does not state "faacts suffiien to can- ttetb a cume of action." This is, of course, not such an omission as can be taken advantage of by de- murrer.1,The title, it seems, must set forth correctly the names of the parties plaintiff and defendant. Their full names, both christian and surname, should be stated; and apartnership consisting of several per- sons must sue or be sued by their names at length, and not in the name of the firm.' Thus A. B. and Co. v. C. D., in the title of a complaint, would be bad, unless, indeed, it was cured by the names being correctly set forth in fall in the body of the complaint within the decision in the case of Hill v. Thacter, supra. If the plaintiff sue or the defendant is sued in a particular character, it should be so expressed in the title; as A. B., executor of the iast will and testament of C. D., deceased; A. B., committee of the person and estate of C. D., a lunatic; A. B., president of the Bank of -- , &o. And further in respect to the parties in the title of the complaint the reader is referred to what was said, ante, chap. ii. onpa,'ties to the action.,By section 1 75,' when the plaintiff shall be igno- rant of the name of a defendant, such defendant may be designated in any pleading or proceeding, by any name; and when his true name shall be discovered, the pleading or proceeding may be amended accord- ingly.,' See 4 How. Pr. R. 154. 5 id. 234, 241. 2 8 Caines, 170. 8 T. R. 508. 8 Am. Code. 132,MOH. TV.
In such case the plaintiff should set forth such a description of the person of the defendant as he is able to give, and should show particularly his inter- est in, and connection with, the action.,In a partition suit, if any of the parties are un- known, the statute authorizes the plaintiff to proceed against such " owners unknown," and, of course, their names need not be set out in the title.,SECTION II. THE STATEMENT OF FACTS. THE original Code provided that the complaint should contain:,A statement of the facts constituting the cause of action, in ordinary and concise language, without repetition, and ia such a manner as to enable a person of common understand- ing to know what is intended.',As amended in 1851 it is as follows: A plain and concise statement of the facts constituting a cause of action without unnecessary repetition.',It will be seen at a glance that the amendment does not substantially alter the section as it originally stood; the decisions, therefore, that have been made,§ 120, Original Code, 2d sub. sEo. n.],183 ' 142 Amn. Code, 2d sub.
under the original Code are equally applicable to the Code as thus amended.,A careful consideration of this important branch of the subject will render it necessary to enter into a · full and perhaps minute examination (even at the risk of repeating a portion of what has already been said') of the cases that have been decided and re- ported since the Code, in order to ascertain what is a sufficient statement of "facts constituting a caue of action" within the meaning of the Code, and what are the principles and rules which govern such state- ment.,It has been observed that the old declaration at law was but a mere statement of facts " constituting the plaintiffs cause of action, in methodical and legalform." The Code, it seems, dispenses with both the method and the form, but it retains the sub- stance; as is well remarked by JUSTICE HAND, in Boyce v. Brown,' "The pleader may use his own language, but the necessary matter must be there, and be stated in an intelligie and issuable form, capable of trial." In the same case the same Justice re- marks: "All that I.mean to say now is, that, as a general rule, a pleading, to be good by the settled principles of pleading, as modified by the Code, must state the facts constituting a legal cause of action or ground of defence; and these should be set forth in a plain, direct, definite, certain, and traversable man- ner. Any number of facts constituting one cause of action, or one defence, may be combined; but each,Ante, § § iii and iv. ohap. 1. 7 Barb. S. C. R., 81. 184,[oHt..
cause of action, and each defence, should be stated separately, and then they will be bapable of trial.",These general principles and rules apply to all kinds of pleading under the Code-that which has heretofore been denominated equitable, as well as legal. The rules which tested the sufficiency of a bill in chancery for relief (not for discovery) were similar to those which tested the sufficiency of a declaration at law.; the pleader must state his client's cause of action in such a manner that the main facts upon which his right to relief depends may be put in issue and tried.',It was said by MIr. JUSTICE WILLARD, in a case arising under the original Code,' that if the pleading in that case were to be tested by any rule of plead- ing which existed prior to the Code, it could not be upheld for a moment, being argumentative, contra- dictory, absurd, double, inconsistent, uncertain, in- congruous, and, in many particulars, wholly unin- telligible. "By the 118th section of the Code,' all the forms of pleading heretofore existing are abolished, and hereafter the forms of pleading in civil actions, and the rules by which the sufficiency of the pleading is to be determined, are those prescribed by the Code of Procedure. We must, therefore, not. look to those rules which have sprung from past experience and the wisdom of ages to determine its character, but to the rules prescribed by the Code." And, as was,4 John. Ch. 437. 3 Paige, 608. See ante, pages 65, 66. 'Boyce v. Brown, 3 How. Pr. R. 391, S. C. at General Term, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 81.,' The same as § 140 as am.nsded in 1852. SEO. 1.],135
said in Williams v. Hayes,1 "neither the rules of common law pleading, nor those of Equity Pleading, 'should be eaciWvey applicable to any case of plead- ing under the Code.",This does not mean, however, as has been before remarked, that the established principles of pleading at common law are to be entirely disregarded, so far as the substance of the issue is concerned. "The principles of pleading," says the same Justice who delivered the opinion in Williams v. Hayes,' "what- ever the systemare always the same. Its office is to present a cause of action on the one side, and a de- fence on the other. This is not less true under our present system, than it was under the former. Names are changed; useless forms and technical r'ues are abolished; but the principles remain unchanged." These established principles of pleading, as applica- ble to the statement by the plaintiff of the facts con- stituting his cause of action, it will now be our ob- ject to consider, and first:,What matters must be alleged in the complaint.- The complaint must contain, generally, all the facts which, upon' a general denial, t h paintiff will be bowiud to prove in the first instance to protect himself from a no-suit, and show himself entitled to a judg- ment.' Every fact is to be deemed constitutive which,5 How. Pr. R. 471 Buddington v. Davis, 6 How. Pr. R. 401, per JUSTICE HARRIS. ' The following authorities are cited in support of this proposi- tion, and others will be referred to in the course of this chapter: 9 Barb, S. C. R. 158. 3 Sand. 437. 4 Id. 665. 4 How. Pr. IB. 98. 5 Id. 390.7 L. 0. 149. Id. 315. 1 C. R. 102. 2 ' "-. 136,[RH. IV.
is necessary to maintain the action, which the defend- ant ha&a right to controvert' or whichl if the cause, of action be not denied, will enable the court toigruant the relief sought.',This general rule will perhaps be best illustrated by considering it in its application !to particular classes of.cases, established both on principle and. authority, before and since the Code.,And, first, as to the considration of a contraot, and: when such consideration must appear on the face of the complaint. There was no better settled ruleof pleading,than that the complaint on a contract not, under seal (and the ,rule,:it is supposed, is nowdthe same in respect to sealed instruments),must show a consideration. The consideration must either appear; impliedly from the instrument itself, as a promissory. note, or bill of exchange, or the complaint.must ex presely state the particular considE ati onon which. the contract is founded. And it is essential that the consideration stated should be legally suffent to support the promise for the breach of which the action is brought. This principle is supported by numerous authorities in our own and other states.' A complaint against defendant for not performing cer- tain work according to contract, without showing that he was to have anything for his work, contains; no cause of action, and is bad because the underta- king is not shown to be upon any consideration what-,Garry v. Fowler, 4 Sand. 667. ' Tallman v. Green, 3 Sand. 437. ' See caaes cited in note 2 on page 292, of 1 Chit. P1. 9th Am. Ed.,10 1 S aL
ever, which is an essontia fact necessary to support an action on contract. This was so held under the Code in Bristol v. Rensselaer & Saratoga R. R; Co.,' in which the plaintiff complained against the defend- ants as common carriers for non-delivery of goods, without alleging that they did, or wer e to, receive any compensation for canrying the goods, and the agreement, therefore, it was said, was to be regarded as made without consideration.,The complaint must show a consideration when- ever proof of it is necessary to support the action;' and if such consideration be not set forth, it cannot be proved, and the action will fail.' Mutual promises must be stated to have been made at the same time. That in consideration of the plaintiff's promise the defendant "afterwards promised," &c., is bad.',The consideration stated must be legally eufficient. If it be frivolous, or void, or illegal, the complaint will be bad on demurrer, as not stating facts sufficient to constitute a cause of. action. A mere moral obli- gation, as we shall presently notice more at large, will sustain a promise, and such a consideration ap- pearing in the complaint will be sufficient.,A@ to ttoe consideration of a note, bill or bond.-In declaring upon bills of exchange and promissory notes and some other written instruments, and liabil- ities, the mere statement of the liability which con- stitutes the consideration is sufficient. A negotiable promissory note, or bill, of itself imports a considera-,'9 Barb. S. C. R. 158, General Term, 4th District. .D 4 John. 280. , 9 Barb. S. C. R. 168. I1 Caines, 583. 12 John. 209. 138,[ca IV.
tion. No consideration need be proved on the trial, and none, therefore, need be alleged in the complaint. This doctrine is supported also by numerous authori- ties' and is so held under the Code.' But if the in- strument on its face do not disclose a consideration, then a consideration must be averred and proved,' as in complaining on a note not within the statute, and expressing to be for value received; but it is sufficient to state that it was given for value received, without averring a special consideration.' Though, it was held, that if the plaintiff undertdok to set forth the con- sideration specially, he was bound to prove it as laid.' This is now, doubtless, otherwise under the system of amendments allowed by the Code. Such a variance, unless proved actually to have " misled" the opposite party, would be disregarded on the trial.',It is held to be sufficient in a complaint to allege that on a certain day and at a certain place, the de- fendant by his promissory note in writing, for value received, promised to pay the plaintiff, or bearer, a specified sum; that he has not paid the same, and is indebted to the plaintiff therefor, although there is no allegation that the defendant delivered the note; when it was payable; whether due or not; or that the plaintiff was the holder and owner thereof.' The words for value received, import a consideration as between endorser and endorsee, and in a complaint thereon, the complainant who alleges himself to be,See cases in 1 Chit. PI., note 1, page 293. 7 L. 0. 149. ' 2 McCord, 218. .7 John. 321. 10 id. 418. ' Id. 6 See post, chap. ix. sec. 2. ' 6 Barb. S. C. B. 662. s . IT.],139
the lawful holder, need not aver or prove a consider- ation.',Upon similar principles a complaint on a sealed instrument need not aver a consideration,' because a consideration need not, in the first iistance, be proved. It is sufficient to say that the defendant executed and delivered such an instrument under his hand and seal to the plaintiff without averring or proving a consideration.,OtL7sr averments in actions on owtes and wriitten sinotrmntse.-In an action by endorsee against the endorser, it has been held that an averment of pro- test of the note is necessary to charge the endorser.' In such a suit it is necessary to prove a presentment and demand at the place specified in the note for pay- ment.' And if payable at a particular bank, the de- mand must be alleged and proved to have been made at the bank; an averment that the demand was made of the cashier is not sufficient.' Before the Code, therefore, it was necessary that these facts should be specifically averred in the pleading.' But since the Code it seems a general statement that the note was " duly presented," and "duly demanded," is sufficient under section 162, which dispenses with the necessity of pleading the facts, showing the performance of a condition precedent in a contract.,It is necessary, however, to show that the party bringing the suit is the lawful holder or owner of the note. A complaint by endorsee against endorser,,1 Code B. 119. '4 John. 416. N. Y. Corn. Pleas, 1 C. R. 102, 7 L. 0. 23. ' 17 John. 256, 11 Wheat. 171. ' 19 John. 419. Oay v. Paine, 5 How. Pr. R. 107, per GRIDLEY J. 140,i[OH. trv.
averring merely an endorsement in blank by the payee, but without alleging that the plaintiff was the lawful holder of the note, was held in the New York Common Pleas to be defective.',The same court held that a mere allegation that the plaintiff was the lawful holder of the note with- out averring that the note was endorsed by the payee to the plaintiff was insufficient, the allegation being a mere conclusion of law.' But see case of Lord v. Cheesborough,' in the Superior Court of N. Y., which intimates that such an averment would be sufficient, without alleging an endorsement over to the holder, or other facts going to establish the ownership. If the suit be brought directly by the payee against the maker, it is held even unnecessary to allege that the plaintiff is the owner or party in interest, or that the note is due, or when it is payable by the terms of it; to say that the defendant is indebted and promised is sufficient. So held at Special Term in Peets v. Bratt, on demurrer.,The plaintiff is required to prove, in a suit on a promissory note: 1st, the identity of the note; 2d, his interest in it; 3d, that the defendant is: a party to it; 4th, that the defendant has not performed his contract. 'The possession of the note is prim& facie evidence that it is not paid. So, too, it is of owner- ship, even where there is no averment of ownership,' Per INGBAH&M J., Hoxie v. Cushman, 7 L. 0. 149. ' Vanderpool v. Tarbox, 7 L 0. 150. * 4 Sand. 896. 1 0. B., N. S. 322. 6 Barb. S. C. R. 662. ' Giessoan . Giesson, 1 C. R, N. S. 414. ' Id. SE. IL]:,11l:
in the complaint; aind the answer does not set up such a defence.' Copy of written ' in/wnment when ufflient complcait. -It has been thought that the law in respect to the form of complaint on all written instruments for the payment of 'money, will become obsolete by the amendment to section 162 of the Code, which is as follows:,"In an action or defence founded upon an instrument for the payment of money only, it shall be sufficient for the party to give a copy of the instrument, and to state that there is due to him thereon from the adverse party a speci- sied sum which he claims.",It is, however, erroneous to suppose that this clause of the Code makes a mere copy of the note, or other -written instrument, in all cases a sufficient statement of a cause of action. Enough must also appear on the face of the complaint to show that the present plaintiff has a right to maintain the action against the present defendants. The plaintiff's interest in the note is an essential fact to be proved,' and it must be averred either evrecsy, or by necesacry impication. If the action be by the payee in persona copy of the note will, in general, be sufficient, without accompa- nying it with an averment to show plaintif's owner- ship, or interest, within the principle of Peets V. Bratt, supra ; and should the defendant wish to show in his defence that the plaintiff has parted with his interest in the note, he must allege such fact on his,7 L. 0. 149. 1 C.R.N. S. 414. 6 Barb. S.C. R 662.,[OH. 7.8 142
part in his answer. Possession of the note, a :we have seen, raises the presumption of ownership suffi- cient to make out a prim. facie case to sustain the action, which, however, under such a state of plead- ings, the defendant would be at liberty to disprove:,But the case is different if the right of action hlas vested in, and the suit is brought by a third person. The question came up in the Superior Court, in Lord v. Cheesborough,1 as to the effect of this amendment to the Code in such a case; and it was held that, in a complaint on. a written instrument, where the plaintiff is not the party to whom the instrument was made payable and delivered by the defendant, the com- plaint should show, by some suitable allegation, the plaintiff's right to sue thereon. In that case, the holder of the note sued the makers, setting forth. a copy of the note drawn by the defendants, payable to their own order, and endorsed by them in blank, and claiming as due thereon a specified sum. JUSTICE SA~DFOnD, in his opinion in that case, says:-" It is said that section 162 is intended as a' substitute for the statute allowing parties to sue the several parties to bills and notes by a'declaration containing only the common money counts, with a copy of the bill or note sued on attached to the declaration; but we do not see the analogy, nor how it helps the plaintiffs. That statute made no change in the form of pleading. 'It seems to us that the complaint in this case is defective in not showing, by some appropriate averment, the transfer of the note in suit to the plaintif, or that they are the lawful holders and owners of the note;,' 4 Sand.-696, . R., N. S. 322.,148 .. .m]
,andwe think that it was competent to the defendaits tc;traverse as they have-done the transfer of the note to the plaintiff and their ownership." ...he propriety and good& sense of this construation of= the Statute must' be apparent. It is presumed, if .he !note, instead of having been endorsed in blank, 1had been endorsed to the plaintiff, a copy of such en- dorsement would- have been a sufficient averment or suggestion of the, plaintiffs' interest and right to main- tain the action within this section of the Code and the cases already cited.- So, too, in cases of executors and others not suing in .their own right; an averment or suggestion should be made of facts sufficient to make the executor's interest in the action appear on the face of the complaint, so that the record may show that the recovery was by the executor as such, upon the note of his testator.,These principles have been well understood and applied by the courts of one or two sister States under similar statutes. In Indiana, in a suit entitled in the name -of anl executor, a promissory note given by the defendant to the testator, filed as the cause of action, was held to be insufficient under a statute authorizing the filing of a note or other written instrument as a ,ufficient statemcnt of the plaintiff's demand. The Supreme Court of that State held that the mere de- scription of the plaintiff's person, as executor in the tite of the suit, was not enough to show his connexion with the demand. There should have been an aver- ment to show his interest in the note.' So in a suit -by husband and wife on a note payable to the wife,6·Blnaok. Ind.; 88.·,Icss. IF :144
before marriage, a copy of the note is not of itself a suffcient statement of demand- without an; averment of her marriage with the' co-plaiitiilff So on a note -of a firm, signed in the partnership name, the aom- plaint: should contain the names at length of the fir, with an averment that such parties compose the firm, it being said by the court, that " thestatute dis- penses with a formal declaration,, but it does not dis- pense with-parties to a suit."2 The general rule under the statute in that State seems to be, that whenever a written contract is filed as a statement of the cause of action, a want of an averment of facts connected with the contract, and. necessary to be. proved on the trial, is not a fatal objection, if enough be stated to bar another uit for the sam demaind.' Or, as the rule was 1 -id -down in a very early case:' " No action can be supported for any demand what- ever, unless the demand is so far identified, by de- scription as to be distinguishable from any other de- mand of like nature. Its most prominent features must be delineated, so as to be known wherever they make their appearance; that one recovery my br every fuwre attempt to enforce the t ame demand,4 Black. Ind. R. 174. ' 3 Id. 322. '6 Black. Ind. R. 184, Bond v. Paterson, 1 Black Ind. R. 38. * NOTE.-It is to be remarked that these decisions are all on suits arising in Justices' Courts; the Courts of Record in that State still following the old common law rules of pleading. The statute re- gulating pleading in Justices' Courts is substantially the same with our Code. It provides that the plaintiff shall "file with the Justice a concise statement, in oriting, of his cause of action, or the nature of the wrong or injury of which he complains, if it be founded on S· O. IL3,145
St~msnt of def~tendan promise or contract.-Not only was a consideration necessary to be shown in an action of aswumpsit, but the declaration was also re. quired to show in all cases that a promise had been made. The wordpromised, or something equivalent thereto, must, it seems, be in the declaration, or it would be held bad on demurrer, and even after ver- dice and judgment.' No distinction existed, in plead- ing, between an implied promise and an excpress one; and though, as regarded evidence, the law in many cases implied, from certain facts, that a promise had been made, yet in pleading the supposed promise itself was alleged as the fact.',This rule was attempted to be very strictly applied under the Code, in the case of Dollner v. Gibson,' which will presently be more particularly noticed. It seems, however, impossible to sustain that case, as a rule of pleading under the Code, either on authority or principle.' The true rule is undoubtedly laid down by JUoSTICrE Sar, in Glenny v. Hitchings,' that thefacts which in evidenc raise the implied promise are to be stated, and not the mere legal inference.",It was held in the last case not to be necessary to tort; and in actions founded on contract, the account, note, bill, bond, or other statement in writing, of the nature of the demand on whihe he intends to rely." The above decisions, therefore, are not inapplicable to our Code.,' 10 Wend. 437. ' 1 Chit. PI. 301. '3 C. R. 153, per EDMONDS J. Post, page 148. * 4 How. Pr. R. 98. ' See also opinion of ROOsEVELT, J., in Manning v. Whitbeck, cited in subsequent part of this chapter. ' ..r *- -*,__
aver in a complaint for goods sold and delivered, a promiw to pay by the defendant. The aed and delivery, it was said, were the issuable fact, and the defendant's promise to pay, was a mere legal inference from the facts, which if controverted would form an immaterial issue. This rule may safely be applied to all other cases. If there be an eap'es8 promise which, the plaintiff ex.ects to prove, it is afact proper to be alleged. If the promise be inplied, that is, if it be a mere legal inference from certain facts, the facts themselves and not the promise, should be alleged.',It is not necessary when the contract is in writing to state that circumstance in the declaration. Nor even, if the action be upon a promise within the statute of frauds, is it necessary -o aver the contract to be in writing.' A complaint averring a promise by parol will be supported by a promise in writing.' But such fact may be, and probably under the Code, should be, alleged, as it will not only save time, but serve to narrow down the issue to some specific and definite point of controversy.,In applying the rule that facts must be stated and not mere inferences or conclusions of law, a confusion sometimes arises by a failure to draw the line of distinc- tion between it and that other rule which has been also applied to pleadings under the Code, namely, that sac tsare to bepleaded accoring to their kgal effect or ope6'ation.' This question has already been inci-,See this question more fully considered, in a subsequent part of this chapter, under the head of " Common Counts.",'15 John. 425; 6 Hill. 33. ' 13 John. 175. ' 8 Barb. S. R. C. 252.7 Id. 80. 3 Code. R. 153,,14' Bo.<X]
dentally noticed,' but a word or two in addition will be necessary here.,The meaning of the rule, that ,thi7 are to be plead- ed according to teirw leal eect or operation, was, that in stating an, nstrument or other matter, in pleading, x' naight be set forth, not according to its tenor, but according to its effect in law. As if a joint tenant conveyed to his companion by the words "gives," "grants," &c., his estate in the lands holden in jointure, this, though in terms a grant, is not properly such, in operation of law, but amounts to that species of conveyance called a reease; it should therefore be pleaded, not, that he granted, but that he released. The rule in question was, in its terms, often confined to deeds and conveyances; it extended, however, to- all instruments and contracts, written and verbal, and indeed it may be said generally to all matters or transactions whatever, which a party may have oc- casion to allege in pleading, and in which the form is distinguishable from the legal effect.',This rule, as has been already observed, was very strictly applied in the case of Dollner' . Gibson, cited supra.' In that case the plaintiffs, instead of alleging that they sold and delivered certain merchandize to the defendants, alleged that they sold it to one A. M. for and on behalf of the defendants, and that said A. M. acted as agent for the defendants, &c. A motion was granted to strike out from the complaint all that related to the agency, the court holding that,' Ante, page 146. ' 2 Saund. 97. 4 Mad. 150. 1 Salk. 8 Steph. PI. 390, 1 Chit. Pi. 304, 306. 1 C. R. 158, cited ante, page 146.,[on. IV. 148
the principal, that being its legal efct. In other words, that the party in such case not only mti4t , but .nust, plead the legal conclusion or effect of the facts, instead of the facts themselves, even if he desired to verify the pleading. This was applying a more technical rule to pleadings under the Code than had previously, or it is believed, has since been done. It is, however, difficult to see how this case can be sus- tained,' or in what manner such a rule can be made applicable to pleadings under the Code. Even under the old system it was not in all cases rigorously ap- plied. This form of pleading was rather optional than compulsory. "The party," says Mr. Chitty, "is 'not compe~led to follow the precise form of words in which the contract was made; it u~ic, if he state its true legal effect and operation."' Thus, though a written contract or deed should be pleaded, not ac- cording to its terms, but its legal effect or operation,' yet, if the party chose, it might be pleaded n hcec verba, and where the meaning was doubtful, it was advisable to do so in order that the court might construe it.' The rule alluded to, it has been well said, is a -very good rule as a rule of brevity, but a very bad one as a rule of certainty. " It is really a rule of uncertainty, since it continually introduces the discussion of the question, What is the egal efect of such things "' Thus in the case alluded to above' it was said that on,'The ease is said to have been reversed at the General Term.,1 Chit. P1. 304. See also 4 Wend. 549. 9 id. 135. 8 Cow. 86. 10 Mass. R. 230, 320.,'2 1 ill, 274. 8 Cow. 36.2 Wend. 479. 6 Hill, 476. Evans on PI. 18I. ' Dollner v. Gibson. swo. 1.],149 STA~TEXLrdM W PAWS.nrs
a sale and delivery of goods, even when there was no '_press promise to pay for them, a promise was alWays pleaded, that being the foundation of the action, and the legal effect of the fact of the sale; and the sale and delivery were pleaded merely as the considera- tion of the promise. But in the case of Glenny v. Hitchings,1 on the other hand, it was said that the promise was an inference or concubion of law from the facts, showing a sale and delivery of goods, and that it was neither material nor proper to set forth such a promise in the complaint. And 'the rule is well settled, even under the Code, that conclusions of law cannot be stated, but the facts from which such conclusions are derived; though perhaps' this rule was carried farther than was necessary, in the case of Vanderpool 'v. Tarbox in the New YorIk Common Pleas,' wherein it was held that a general allegation of the plaintiff being the lawful holder of a promis- sory note, without showing an endorsement to the plaintiff was bad as stating a conclusion of law. The difficulty in the application of both rules seems to be in discriminating between what are strictly conclu- .ions of law, which cannot be stated, and what the legal effects of thfacts which may be stated,instead of the facts themselves.,It seems, therefore, that the rule that facts must be set forth according to their legal effect, is not properly applicable under the Code, or at least will not be more strictly enforced than under the old sys. tem, and therefore the pleader will, in all cases of doubt, be at libertyto state "the facts constituting,4 How. P~r. R. 98.,' 7 L. 0. 150.
the cause of action," instead of undertaking to give their legal effect, and as in the case of pleading a written instrument, leave it to the court to construe them.,I am the more confirmed in this view by the au- thority of the case of Manning v. Whitbeck,' in the Supreme Court, lately decided,-and what was said in Eno v. Woodworth, a reported. case, in the Court of Appeals." In the first of these cases the pleadings, as stated in the opinion of the court, were as follows:,The plaintiffs, in their complaint, which was veri- fled, alleged that they were the owners of a quantity of merchandize, describing the articles particularly, and the value. That the defendants illegally and unjustly detained this property from, and refused to restore it to, the plaintiffs; and that the plaintiff, therefore, demand a judgment of delivery and costs. The defendants alleged that the complaint was not true, but, on the contrary, that the goods were some time before sold and delivered to one of the defend- ants, and that after he had disposed of a portion of them, the residue were lawfully taken on an execu- tion against him by the other defendant, as sheri; &c. It seems in this case to have been conceded that the plaintiffs, in swearing to their ownership of these goods, and to the alleged wrongful detention by the defendants, were merely dealing in conclusions of law. They relied, it seems, on the fact that although,I do not find this case officially reported. The able and conclu- sive opinion delivered in the case may be found in No. .1, ' Law Re- form Tracts," p. 18.,' 4 Coms. 349.,151: is]. I.]
it was true that the goods were sold and delivered, yet the plaintiffs were deceived by false and fraudu- lent representations, constituting a ground in law to annul the sale.: This was carrying out to the letter the doctrine that facts nust be pleaded according to their legal sfect.,JusrTIE ROOSEVELT, who delivered the opinion in the case, very pointedly repudiates the doctrine that facts must be set forth according to their legal effect, and with great clearness and force gives his reasons. He says: "In the first place, then, we are to inquire what, in this law,1 or in common acceptation, is under- stood by the termfacts. It certainly excludes all the ancient fictions, in which the black-lettered law and the black-lettered lawyers at one time so much de- lighted. Fact is the opposite of fiction. Requiring the one is rejecting the other. Besides, the statement of these facts and matters was to be sworn to; a condition only to be complied with on the supposi. tion of truth. The people generally, and especially those who had been in the habit of serving on juries, and, I may add, a large portion of the profession itself, had become disgusted with the old system of legal falsehoods; and the Code, in the particular in question, was but the expression of an almost univer- sal public sentiment. Not satisfied with directing the written pleadings of the parties to be plain and concise, in other words stripping them of their pro- lixity and obscurity, it enacted that they should be true. Of what avail, however, is this provision, if parties are to be allowed, and not only allowed, but,§§ 142,149, Code. 1562,[CH. IV.
required, while discarding open, admitted, fictions, to deal in the far more dangerous practice of making oath to legal conclusions ?" The conclusions arrived at by the learned judge, and his decision on the mo- tion, which was by the plaintiff to strike out as irre- levant these matters of fact, "which must form the real issue," alleged in the answer, are as follows: "I conclude, then, that the plaintiffs, instead of striking out the matters of fact set up by the defendants, should themselves have fully stated the whole case in their complaint; and that not having done so, they must now bring forward the alleged fraudulent repre- sentations, if such be in truth the foundation of their claim, in the form of a reply to the new matter stated in the defendant's answer.",These views are sustained by what was said by JUSTICE BRONSON, in the other case above alluded to, Eno v. Woodworth, in the Court of Appeals.' In that case it was held that money paid under a con- tract to convey land, void for want of mutuality, could be recovered back in an action for money had and received. In respect to the form of the plead- ings in such an action, JuSTIrE BRONSON says:,"It is true that the pleader has stated the written agreement and all the facts necessary to show a right to recover upon it if it is valid. But it is also true that the same facts establish a right to recover back the money, if the agreement is void. This is an action under the Code, and the whole case is set forth in the complaint. Upon the case as it is stated in the complaint, and has been found by the jnuy, the,' 4 Comr. 247. 11 sEa. n.],1i3
plaintiff is entitled to recover, whether the written contract is good or bad; and the defendant cannot defeat the action by giving it a name, or because the pleadings do not conform to the old precedents. It is questionabl6e whetler it would begoodpleading iunder the (Cde to follow the old form, and say, that the de- fendant was indebted to t1e plaintiff in a certain sum,n for so much money had and received In the defendant to the plaintirfs use. T1e me roe poper course would seem to be that which the plaintiff lias adopted, of stat- ing the facts wlhich tshow that the defendant has received money which belong to the plaintif.,And in a late case in the New York Superior Court,' JUSTICE DUER says: " Every fact which the plaintiff must prove to enable him to maintain his suit, and which the defendant has a right to contro- vert in his answer, must be distinctly averred; and every such averment must be underetood at meaning 7what it scays, and consequently is one to be sustained by evidence which corresponds with its meaning.",Common Counts.-The rule of pleading, namely, that t7hefacts must be stated, and neither the legal conclusion, nor the legal effect of the facts, may now be safely applied to all cases where the action is for a common debt, or money. demand arising on con- tract, and in which heretofore the common counts as they are called, were used; as,,For goods sold and delivered, or bargained and sold,,For work and labor done. For money had and received to the plaintiff's use.,' Glancy v. Fowler, 4 Sand. 667. 154,[OH. IV.
For money paid, 'laid out, and expended for the defendant.,For money lent. For use and occupation, &c. The common counts were founded on express or implied promises to pay money in consideration of a precadent and existing debt.' They were of four descriptions. 1st. The indebitatu count. 2d. The quantum mneruit. 3d. The qtumn valebant. 4th. The account stated.,The indebitatue count stated generally that the defendant on a day named was idbted to the plain- tiff in a named sum of money for goods sold, or labor, or for money lent, paid, or had and received, or for some other pre-existing debt on simple contract, at the defendant's request, and that being so: indebted, the defendant, in consideration thereof, promied the plaintiff to pay, &c., and then the common breach, that the defendant, although requested, had neglected and refused to pay, to the plaintiffs damage, &c. The indebtedness, accruing at the defendant's request, the cause or subject matter thereof, and the promie to pay, 'constituted the essence of the indebi.fat count.,The quantm t n merit and quantum vale~ant counts were in a different form; the first alleging apromise on the part of the defendant to pay as much as the plaintiff reasonably deserved to Iuave, and the second a like promise to pay as much as the thing was reasonably worth. The account stated, also alleged,' 1 Chit. PI. 340. SEC. -U.],155
ing to pay the balance found due.',These various pronmie, 9'eguest, &c., thus alleged as the basis of the, common counts, were scarcely any thing more than mere legal fictions. They were al- most always matters implied by law, not requiring any express proof. In pleading, there was no differ- ence between an express and an implied promise.' Both were stated -affirmatively and positively, and the latter was supported by proof of a state of facts fromwhich the law drew the inference of a promise. Thus in the case of Eno v. Woodworth,' above cited, - if the plaintiff desired to recover back the money paid,by him, on the failure of the defendant to fulfil the written agreement entered into, he would, under the old system, have declared on the indeitat/us count, for money had and received by the defendant to the plaintiff's use at the defendant's reguest, alleging a .promise to pay. The defendant, in point of fact, never requested him, and never made a promise; and none would have been proved on the trial; but simply a state of facts, from which a request and pro- mise might be implied in law, and which entitled the plaintiff to recover. It is, in reality, as much a ficti- tious mode of pleading as was the manner of stating a case in trover, namely, that the plaintiff casualy lost a chattel, and that the defendant fo~nd it; the fact alleged was never really to be proved, but only a state of facts, from which, as a matter of law, the losing and jndsni were inplid. This method of,'1 Chit. P1. 341. 1 Chit. PI. 340 n. : ' 4 Cor. 247.,rma Iv. TUBE COMPLBAMITPT '156
adapted to the genius and spirit of the Code, which requires " the facts" to be stated, not conclusions, in- ferences, matters implied in law, or the legal effect of facts. It was a mere technical rule of pleading which permitted (but did not a'molutelyrequire) an implied promise to be pleaded as an express promise; and these technical rules of pleading, as we have seen, are abolished by the Code.,Indeed, even under the old system, the facts con- stituting the cause of action might be stated; that is to say, a special declaration used in cases where the common counts were also proper;' and in many cases for the sale of goods, for money had and received, for work, labor, and services, the common counts could not be used, but the plaintiff must declare specially on the facts constituting his cause of action.',It is not, however, meant to be here said that a cause of action under the Code, set forth substantially in the form of the old indebitaus count, would not be good, nor was this so held in Eno v. ,Woodworth. All that is meant is, that, under the Code, it is not necessary, nor is it believed to be proper, to allege in a pleading an implied request, or an imllied promise, or any other matter impled by law, either as the foundation of the action or as ancillary thereto. The facts raising the implication, and they alone, should be stated, because they alone are to be proved. The,'Formerly these general counts were not in use; and Lord Holt is said to have remarked, that he was a bold man who first ventured on them. 1 Chit. P1 342.,' See cases collected 1 Cow. Treat. pp. 126 to 155.,10 8JO. I.],STATE~. Oior FA~.$
cases of Tucker v. Rushton,' Manning v. Whitbeck,' and Glenny v. Hitchings,' were undoubtedly decided on correct principles. In the latter case, it was alleged merely that the plaintiffS old and delive;red to the defendant certain goods, describing them, to the value of a certain sum, and claimed judgment in a specified amount. There was neither a repqest on the part of the plaintiff nor a promie by defendant alleged; and a demurrer, on the ground that the com- plaint did not allege a promise or any legal liability on the part of the defendant, was very properly over- ruled. In the former case the complaint alleged an indebtedness, and also that the plaintiff claimed a cer- tain sum for the use and occupation of certain rooms for a specified time at a specified price, and also for articles furnished by plaintiff to defendant. This, also, was held sufficient.,The rule, therefore, under the decision in Eno v. Woodworth, and Manning v. Whitbeck, cannot longer be of very difficult or doubtful application. In all cases where the money counts heretofore might have been used, the plaintiff may still set forth his cause of action in this form, if it expresses the fact necessary to b proved in order to fix the defendant's liability; as, for example, if he has actually perform- ed work and labor for the defendant, with his assent; or has actualy sold and delivered him goods which have come to his hands, and have been used by him; or has lent him money which he refuses to pay, &c., &c., leaving ont, however, those legal fictions of a,2 C. R. 59, 7 L. 0. 315. s Ante, page 151. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 98. 168,[CH. rV.
requst or pronmise, which the law implies from the essential fact of the sale and delivery, the labor done, or the money lent. If the labor has been done, or the goods delivered, at the express request of the de- fendant, it should be so alleged, and proved, as it will save the necessity of alleging and proving other facts tending to show that the lalbo was not gratuitous, or the gopds were not delivered without the inowledge or assent of the defendant. So, too, if there was an empress pronmise, it should properly be alleged, and proved; as that the plaintiff worked one month for the defendant, and the defendant promised to pay him a specified sum, or that the plaintiff paid and ex- pended certain money for necessaries, on account of the defendant, and the defendant promnised to repay him, &c. In such case the promise is the "fact con- stituting the cause of action" which is to be proved in evidence, and the labor or the money expended, the consideration to support it. Where there is an exaress promise to pay, the promise itself, having a sufficient consideration to support it, is the ground of the action, and the plaintiff need set forth no other facts to sustain his action; but in the absence-of an express promise every fact necessary to fix the liability of the defendant, and to show him under a legal obligation to pay the demand, should be stated in the complaint. Such at least appears to me to be the rule indicated by the plain language of the Code, and coming within the spirit of the decisions made under it which have been heretofore cited.,In an action on a promise supported by the consi- deration of a mere moral obligation, as the promise sE. II.],159
to pay a debt, from which the defendant is exonera- ted by a bankrupt or insolvent discharge, the new promise must be set up as the substantial cause of action, and the old debt discharged under the act, should be alleged as the consideration to support it.',It has been held in several instances in this state, that in the case of a new promise to pay a debt barred by the statute of limitations, the new promise does not create a new liabty, but merely removes the presumption of payment, and restores the remedy which the statute has barred.' The old debt, there- fore, and not the new promise, was set forth as the cause of action. This distinction, however, was sub- sequently fully considered in the Court of Appeals, in VanKeuren v. Parmlee,' and declared to be without foundation. In a debt barred by the statute of lim- itations, as in the case of the contract of an infant, or a debt barred by an insolvent's discharge, the new promise is in the nature of a new ccntract, creating a new iability, and is the substantial cause of action. Hence in a complaint on a contract barred by the statute, the old demand accruing more than six years prior to the time of commencing ,.iction, may be set up as the coideation of the ontract, but the new promise should be allek' ihe cause of action. And if it be a demand bu. ~y the statute since the Code, the new promise should be alleged to have been in woiting, or facts averred to show some payment of principal or interest, otherwise the ac-,' 14 John. 148, 1 Bill 535, 4 Barb. S. C. R. 174. '5 Wend. 257, 9 Id. 293, 4 Barb. S. C. R. 168, 6 Id. 683. ' 2 Comr. 623. 160,E[O. IV.
knowledgment or promise is unavailing.' The rule of pleading, it is conceived, is changed, and if ;t dis- tinctly appear on the face of the'complaint that the plaintiffs claim is barred by the statute, or is dis charged, or that the defendant at the time of the contract was an infant, and no new promise or its equivalent be alleged, or the case not brought within any of the exceptions of the statute, the com- plaint will be defective, as showing upon its face a state of facts which constitute no cause of action, and in analogy with the old practice in chancery the de- fendant may demur.' This was so held under the Code in the case of Genet v Tallmadge.' It will, however, be competent for the plaintiff in the first instance, to complain on the old demand, if it can be done, without showing it barred by the statute; in which case the defence, as under the old practice, must be set up in the answer and can be taken in no other way, and unless so set up is waived' I have here assumed that section 74 of the amended Code applies only to cases where the complaint shows on its face a demand not barred by the statute.',In indicating generally the rules of pleading pre- scribed by the Code, it will not be necessary, nor would it be practicable, within the limits of this work, to enter into a full and particular discussion of the former requisites and qualities of pleading. The ob-,'Am. Code, § 110. '24 Wend. 587. 7 Paige 373, 3 Barb. Oh. R. 477. See post, chap. vii. sec. 2.,1 C. R., N. S. 346. 'Am. Code, § 74. ' See post, chap. vii. eeo. 2. SEC. I.],161
'THE COMPLAINT.,[OCi. IV. ject of the present chapter is mainly to inquire what changes the Code has introduced into the former mode of stating the facts which constitute the plain- tiff's cause of. action. I shall, therefore, without dwelling further upon these matters, in the next place briefly notice some of the particular provisions which the Code has made upon the subject of pleading; and first in pleading:,Conditions precedent.-The Section of the Code above referred to in respect to the pleading of writ- ten instruments has made an important change in this respect. It was a general rule, subject to some ex- ceptions, under the old system, that in pleading the pe7formance of a consideration or covenant, the party could not plead generally that he performed the cov- enant or condition, but must show specially the time, place, and manner of performance.' Where a spe- cific act was to be done by the plaintiff or any num- ber of acts, by way of condition precedent, he must show in pleading precisely what he has done by way of performing them.' The Code, howeve,; has altered this rule, and provides that " it may be stated gene- t.ally that the party duly peeformed all tie conditions on Mspart, and if such allegations be controverted, the party pleading sltall be bound to establish on the trial, tle facts showing euc7 performance."',If the performance of the condition precedent is not denied in the answer, of course no proof is neces- sary, for every material allegation in the complaint not controverted by the answer is to be taken as true.,' Steph. on PL 334. ' 24 Wend. 153. § 162 Am. Code.
Under this section it has been held that in a com- plaint against the endorser of a promissory note pay- able at a particular place, an averment of present- ment and demand at teplace, was not necessary, and that an averment that when the note became due, it was "duly presented," and payment thereof "duly demanded," was sufficient, the presentation and de- mand being a condition precedent in the contract, and the Code authorizing it to be stated in general terms.',Private Statute.-A similar change is made by the Code in the manner of pleading a private statute. The court did not take official notice of a private statute at common law,' and, therefore, when a party had occasion to rely on an act of this description he must set forth such parts of it as were material.',By the Code however: "In pleading a private statute, or a right derived there- from, it shall be sufficient to refer to such statute by its title and the day of its passage, and the court shall thereupon take judicial notice thereof."',Juzdnzment.-So, too, in pleading the judgment of an inferior court of limited or special jurisdiction, the law in this state, down to the time of the passage of the Code, was, that a general averment of jurisdiction was not sufficient, but the specific facts conferring the jurisdiction must be stated.' The Code has made a change in this respect similar to that made in the,' Ante, page 140. ' 1 Bl. Comn. 85. ' Steph. PI. 347. 4 § 163 Am. Code. ' 3 Corn. 193. 3 Barb. S. C. R. 603. [sEV. IL,163
manner of pleading the performance of a condition precedent. The judgment or determination of such court may now be generally stated "to have been duly given or made," and if the allegation be contro- verted the party pleading, (as on the performance of conditions precedent,) is bound to establish on the trial the facts conferring jurisdiction.' If not contro- verted, of course, the jurisdiction will be established on the trial without proof.,Pleading in cases of l/ibel and slander.-The Code has also altered the rule of pleading in this class of cases. It is not now necessary to allege in the com- plaint any extrinsic fact for the purpose of showing the application to the plaintiff of the defamatory matter out of which the cause of action arose; but it is sufficient to state generally that the same was pub- lished or spoken concerning the plaintif, and if such allegation be controverted, the plaintiff shall be bound to establish on the trial that it was so pub- lished or spoken.' This does not, however, render it unnecessary to aver in the complaint the meaning of the words themselves, when such meaning becomes essential to the cause of action.' As, where, for ex- ample, the words standing alone do not, as a matter of law, impute a criminal offence, there should be an averment showing that the words were used in a sense intending to impute such an offence. Such averments are necessary to eistlti the action where,' Am. Code, § 161. s Am. Code, § 164; see 16 Wend. 9; 3 Con. 177. Pike v. Van Wormer, 5 How. Pr. R. 171., and see also Fry v. Bennett, C. R., N. 8. 247.,[cOH. iV. 164
words are ambiguous or uncertain in their meaning.' And when words are spoken in a foreign language it must be averred that the hearers understood such language.' The Code, it seems, has changed the common law rule of pleading in actions of slander in but one particular; that is, although it may be un- certain to whom the words were intended to apply, it is no longer necessary to insert in the complaint any averments showing they were intended to apply to the plaintiff; in other respects the rule formerly pre- vailing remains unchanged.',In the case of Fry v. Bennett,' the sufficiency of a complaint in a case of libel was considered with re- ference to the change effected by section 164 of the Code, and the above decision in Pike v. Van Wormer concurred in. It was said by the court, that where the meaning of the words is so ambiguous that extrinsic facts are necessary to be proved to show them to be actionable at all, the necessity of stating those facts by an explicit averment, is precisely the same as it has always been, and that this section of the Code does not apply to such a case. Such facts must be proved, in order to entitle the plaintiff to recover,' and are material and isnsable in their nature. But those allegations only are to be deemed material in the sense of the Code which the plaintiff wnut prove, i order to naintain hk action. Hence it was said, in the same case, tLjt matters which relate to the motives and intent of the defendant in publishing the libel, were not necessary to be inserted in the com-,' 6 How. Pr. B. 99; 2 Cow. 321; 4 Wend. 320. '3 Wend. 394. '5 How. Pr. I. 1 6 Id. 99. 1 C. R. N. 8. 238 'Kinney v. Naah, 3 Coms. 177. sES. I.] ',165
plaint, because not necessary to be proved to entitle the plaintiff to recover; and although such allega- tions might not be liable to rejection as irrelevant, yet they might be justly treated as redundant and superfluous. A mere inuendo cannot be traversed; such a traverse raises no material issue. But matter of inducement when necessary to be proved may be traversed by the answer, and such traverse will raise a material issue. It is also said in the note to this case, that malice is the gist of the action for libel; and prior to the Code, the declaration had to allege malice, either directly c: by some equivalent averment; in which case the defendant's plea of not guilty put the malice in issue. It is said, however, in a late case,' since the Code, that it is not necessary to aver express malice or want of probable cause in a complaint for libel. The point relates rather to the onus and measure of proof than tle furm of the pleadings. If, on the trial, it appears that the publication was made on a just occasion, the burden will thereby be thrown on the plaintiff of proving express malice; and then the question of probable cause may be enquired into,',A complaint for slander is defective if it does not state that the words were spoken in the presence or hearing of some person,' but the word2publis7ed in the complaint imports that the words were so spoken.' And it is necessary that the precise words used should be set forth;' the plaintiff must state distinctly what the charge is, so that the defendant may know for,'Purdy v. Carpenter, 6 How. Pr. R. 361. 'Per BARCULO J. ' 1 C. R. 117; 3 How. 406. ' 1 C. R: 134. '7 L. 0. 316. 166
what he is sued. Actionable words, not alleged in the cnmpllaint, acs not a dis.iblc in evidence.' An omission to state the time and place of the slander is not a ground of demurrer; the court can order the pleadings to be made definite by amendment.' Nor will a demurrer lie to a complaint which alleges that the defendant on diver@ days and times, between that day and the commencement of the suit, spoke the words complained of.' Time and place are in general immaterial, and need not be proved as laid in the complaint, and it seems under the Code' need not in general be alleged, except where they become matter of substance.,On bonds azd in- trumoezt otler than for payment of money.-The Code restricts the rule permitting the copy of a written instrument to be a sufficient cause of action to actions on instruments for the payment of money onty. On bonds and instruments other than for the payment of money, the cause of action and breach of the contract must still be set forth sub- stantially as before; that is, the facts required to be stated are those which the plaintiff must prove in the first instance at the trial, or be non-suited. It is sus- ficient to set forth a written contract according to its legal effect,' but where the meaning is doubtful it is advisable to set it out in hkec verba and leave the court to construe it.' A party declaring on an agreement need only state so much of it as constitutes the en- kA 6 How. Pr. R. 292, and cases cited. '7 L. 0. 316. ' Grayv. Nellis, 6 How. Pr. 290. ' Though otherwise under the old system, 4 Denio, 80, and see 1 Chit. PI.,8 Cow. 36, 2 Wend. 479. ' 6 Hill 476.,167 SEC. nIL
gagement for the breach of which he complains. If, however, the defendant's covenants are qualified, or the plaintiff's covenants are enlarged by the farther provisions, it' must be stated.' It is necessary to set forth in the complaint such covenants or parts of the agreement as relate to the breaches assigned.',Assignment of breache& in bonds are by statute to be made in the following cases: "When an action shall be prosecuted in any court of law, upon any bond for the breach of any condition other than for the payment of money, or shall be prosecuted for any penal sum for the non-performance of any covenant or written agreement, the plaintiflf in his declaration, shall assign the specific breaches for which the action is brought."',A breach is in general well assigned by negativ- ing the words of the condition or covenant.' But the assignment of two breaches of the same specific covenant, or stipulation, is bad.' A breach according to the substance though not the letter of the covenant is well assigned,' but when the pleader undertakes to assign a breach coming within the substance, intent, or effect of the covenant, he is held to a more strict rule than when he follows either negatively or affirm- atively the words of the contract.' In a bond con- ditioned to do one thing or another, the complaint must negative both.' And a breach that the defen- dants did not honor the plaintiff's draft on one of,14 John. 400, 2 Denio, 235, 3 Id. 363. Id. '2 R. S. 3d Ed. 476, seo. 6. 5 John. 168. 8 Id. 11. 4 Wend. 570. 4 Hill 154. 1 Wend. 207. * 2 Wend. 583. ' Per Broonon J. 4 Hill 154. * 1 Wend. 597. 168,Oa eV.
them is bad.' In declaring on a note for a certain sum payable in specific articles, it is enough to allege non-payment of the money; non-delivery of the arti- cles need not be alleged.' A breach negativing the words in a covenant to "use all necessary care and diligence in the sale of lots" is sufficient.' A general breach is sufficient in a complaint on a bond condi- tioned that the party will appear and abide the order of the court.' If there be any defect or inaccuracy in assigning the breach, it is aided after verdict, for the court will intend that damages would not have been given if a good breach had not been shown.',An account may be stated generally, and it is not necessary to set forth the items thereof in detail. The Code, however, makes provision for either party to obtain a copy of the account of his adversary." The plaintiff's statement will be sufficient if he speci- fies the general nature of the account, as that the de- fendant is indebted to him in a specified sum for labor and services performed for the defendant, and a fur- ther sum for goods sold and delivered, and a certain other sum for the use and occupation of certain pre- mises, amounting in the aggregate to so much, for which he claims judgment.' It would be safe also to apply the rule that the various portions of the account, and indeed the whole of it in the aggregate, should be so described in the complaint as to be capable of,1 Hill 66. ' 4 Hill 164. a 4 Hill 154. 4 17 Wend. 59. 21 Id. 40. ' 7 John. 461. e Am. Code, § 158. See Tucker v. Rushton, 2 0. R. 59. 7 L. 0. 815.,12 STATIO ~.IPJI) .OF VAMors,169 SEC. a]
being distinguished from any other demand of like nature, so that in a recovery thereon, though by de- fault, and without other proof than the oath of the plaintiff to the complaint,' the record of the judgment may be a bar to any other suit to enforce the same demand.,The extent to which the common couonts, as they are called, may be used, has already been considered. They are proper when they express precisely the fact to be proved, as that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in a certain sum, for certain goods and merchandize, actually had and received by the plain- tiff and for which he actually promised to pay; or for work and services done for the defendant at hdi request, or for which he has promised to pay. And see further what was said on this subject in a previous portion of this section.',In actions other tan on contract.-The rule as to what facts are necessary to be stated in other actions, is entirely similar. The plaintiff should set forth ex- pressly, or by necessary implication, every thing, which if denied, he is bound in the first instance to prove, in order to maintain his action. Thus, in an action against a bailee, who has come lawfully into possession of personal property, the complaint should aver a demand of the goods and refusal, or allege that the defendant has sold or destroyed the property, which is equivalent to a wrongful taking.' And generally, whenever a demand of the goods is neces-,' § 246 Am. Code. ' See ante, page 145. 'Ante, pages 145 to 150. ' 3 Wend. 406., 10 Id. 389. 1T0,Co. IfV.
sary to show the plaintiffs right of action, it must be alleged; and if not alleged it cannot be proved on the tria' The legal fiction that the plaintiff being possessed of the goods, lost the same, and that after- wards they came into the possession of the defendant by findig, although, perhaps, the lgaZ efect of the facts, should not be stated, but the facts themselves; as that the plaintiff was the lawful owner, or was lawfully possessed of the goods; that they came into the possession of the defendant in a certain way, specifying it; that the right of the defendant to the possession has ceased, with a demand and refusal, when necessary to sustain the action. The same may be said with respect to an action to recover the pos- session of personal property.',In an action on an express warranty, the warranty itself, in consideration of the sale, is the cause of action; and no scienter need be alleged;' but in an action upon a false representation, or fraudulent concealment in the sale, the complaint, to be good, must aver a knowledge of the fraud on the part of the defendant, because to support the action such knowledge must be made to appear by proof on the trial.',Many cases might be instanced to illustrate this principle. A single one in addition will suffice. In the case of failure of title to goods, where there is neither express warranty norfra~d lnt intention on,Bristol v. Rens. and Sar. R. R. Co., 9 Barb. S. C. R. 159. 'And see further on this subjeat, Manning v. Whitbeok, cited ante, page 151.,' Holman v. Dord, 1 0. R., N. S. 331. ' 4 Black Ind. R. 353. SEO. Hr.],171
the part of the seller, a complaint will show a good cause of action without averring either a warranty or sciener, because neither of them need be proved on the trial, the law/implying a warranty of title in the tling sold, unless the possession of it be at the time in another.' In a complaint against B., in such case, A. need only allege the purchase for a valuable con- sideration from B., of the article which was in B.'s possession at the time of sale, and the failure of title, claiming judgment for damages therefor.,It may be properly observed in this place, that the question on an objection to the sufficiency of the facts stated in the complaint is not whether the complaint is perfect, and embraces every thing which might pro- perly be embraced, but simply whether there are facts enough stated to sustain the action, and entitle 'the plaintiff, if he prove such facts, to a judgment. Thus it was held in Luddington v. Taft,' that in an action for an account between partners, a complaint which set forth a partnership, a dissolution of such partnership, the existence of unsettled accounts, and a balance in favor of the plaintiff constituted a good cause of action and was sufficient, and it was not in- dispensable on the part of the plaintiff to set forth all the matters in detail, necessary for a full and final account.,It should be observed further, that in all cases, whether on contract, or for a wrong, the complaint must show the authority of the'plaintiff to sue. Thus an assignee of a right of action on contract which the complaint shows was made between de-,'Cro. Jao. 197 ; 1 Salk. 210.,1 10 Barb. S. 0. It. 447.
fendant and a third party, must set out the assign- ment and show his interest as plaintiff. So in an action by a partnership for a debt contracted with the plaintiff and a partner since deceased, his death and the survivorship of the plaintiff should be alleged.' And so also in case of a defendant who was a joint contractor. And if the plaintiff sue as guardian and security for A., an infant, he must show how he is guardian and security, that he was specially appointed by the court, and that A. is an infant. If he sue as committer or receiver, he must show how he was appointed. A general averment that he was duly appointed, has been held to be insufficient.',The principles above considered, and the foregoing rules as to what matters must be set forth in a com- plaint, are equally applicable to cases which'hereto- fore would have been of equitable jurisdiction. They were well applied by Jusncia SILL in the case of Aldrich v. Lapham,' an action brought to foreclose a mortgage where there were infant defendants, and the complaint did not allege the requisite facts to show what the interests of the infants were. The court in denying the application for judgment, says: " The rule applies now as heretofore, that the judg- ment must be oecundcnm allegata et probata. The complaint must state the facts which entitle the plain- tiff to judgment, and where they are not admitted, which, as against infant defendants, is never the case they must be sustained by legitimate proof. In the present case both these essentials are wanting.",' 1 Johln 34. 2 4 Denio 80. 7 Barb. S. C. R. 204. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 129. 1 C. R.,N. S. 408. sEa. nr.],173
What matters must not be aleged.-Having con- sidered thui far what averments and facts are neces- sary to be alleged in order to constitute a sufficient cause of action, it will be now proper to notice what matters cannot be alleged in a complaint; that is, what matters the plaintiff is not at liberty to set forth as part of his cause of action.,The general rule is that all the facts necessary to sustain the plaintiff's cause of action must be set forth, and no more. Whatever circumstances are not necessary to constitute the plaintiff's cause of action or ground of defence, are surplusage.',qSuivpSsage taken in its general sense includes un- necessary matteS of whatever description; as 1st, matters wholly foreign ad irelevamnt; 2d, matters which though not wholly foreign do not require to be stated, such as mere matters of evidence, matter of law, or other things which the court officially notices, matter coming more properly from the other side, matter necessarily implied, &e.; 3d, Unneces- sary prolixity in the manner of statement.' Super- fluous or irrelevant allegations also include those which are repugnant to what was before alleged.',In pleadings at law surplusage was not a subject of demurrer, the maxim being tile er inutile non vitiawr.' In flagrant cases of the kind, however, the courts referred the pleading to an officer, that he might strike out such matter as was redundant and was capable of being omitted without injury to the,See 1 Chit. P1. 214. ' Steph. PI. 432. 1 Chit. P1. 231. ' Steph. PI. 421-2.
material averments.' In some cases, too, the courts have, on motion, ordered the superfluous matter to be struck out of the pleadings, and if there were any vex- ation, have required the party inserting it to pay the costs of the application.',In pleadings in equity ipertMnce was the same kind of fault which /plusage was at law. S consisted in the allegation of anything which is un- becoming the dignity of the court to hear, or is con- trary to good manners, or which charges some person with a crime not necessary to be shown in the cause. " which may be added that any unnecessary allega- tion bearing cruelly upon the moral character of an individual is also scandalous.' Scandalous or imper- tinent statements in a pleading in equity, if excepted to by a defendant, might be referred to a master, and on his report, expunged by the court with costs.',Ir}relevant and redundant matter.-The Code un- takes by a general provision to embrace all these various cases, and to provide an uniform mode of practice for reaching these defects in pleading. Sec- tion 100 of the amended Code provides:,"If irrelevant or redundant matter be inserted in a pleading, it may be stricken out, on motion of any person aggrieved thereby, and when the allegations of n pleading are so indefinite or uncertain that the precise nature of the chtwge or defence is not apparent, the court may require the pleading to be made defilite and certain by amendment.",The Code has not defined what constitutes irrel- Steph. PI. 421. ' id. 1 Chit. Pi. 231. 1 Barb. Oh. P. 41. ' 1 Barb. Oh. P. 4i. SBa. m],115
vant and 'editndant matter; we are, therefore, left to determine it by the rules already laid down in various judicial decisions, and from the analogy of the old practice at law and in equity. In its widest sense undoubtedly irrelevant and redundant matter may be considered as embracing everything that was surplusage in pleadings at law, as well as scandal and impertinence in pleadings in equity. Hence, un- necessary prolixity of statement, mere matters of evi- dence, conclusions of law, matters properly coming from the other side, as well as matters wholly for- eign to the controversy, may be considered irrelevant and redundant. It is to be observed, however, that now as formerly, redundancy and surplusage do not vitiate a good pleading, nor can it be demurred to,' but is waived ,lnks tlc %jicction be taken by mo, tion to strike out, whiri ml' ,.t oi matn!r b.' . re $de- murrer or answer,' and before L./,ichig the :use d. trial,' and within twenty days from the time of ser- vice of the pleading objected to.',In Hynds v. Griswold,' it was said by Mr. JusTIO:, HARRIS that the 160th section of the Code did not authorize an application upon motion to strike out every irrelevant or redundant expression or clause which might be found in a pleading. Effect must be given to the word " aggrieved," as used in that section. The matter must not only be irrele- vant or redundant, but some party must be ag-,'White v. Kidd, 4 How. Pr. R. 68. Esmond v Van Ben- sohoten, 5 Id. 441. ' Sup. Court Rules, 43; 2 Sand. 680. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 44. Id. 43. Rule S. 0. 4 How. Pr. R. 69. 176,[oU. nr.
grieved or prejudiced thereby,' In a subsequent case, however, before the same Justice, the language of this opinion was essentially qualified.' It was there said, it was not intended that before such a motion could be granted it must be shown that some actual injury would result to the moving party, if the matter sought to be expunged was suffered to remain. Every unnecessary expression or redundant sentence should not be expunged. But where entire statements are introduced, upon which no naterial i~eue can be taken, the opposite party may be " ag- grieved" by allowing them to remain, and in all cases is entitled to his motion.,In the case last cited, JUSTICE HABmI expressed his full concurrence with JusTIcE HAD in the view taken of the question in Carpenter v. West.' The opin- i ,- that case expresses with much clearness and,* " vhat we regard as the true construction of this ou, '.on of the Code:,"By irrelevant or redundant matter in the Code, I take it is meant, what is usually understood as imper- tinent; for a pleading in equity is impertinent when it is stuffed with long recitals, or long digressions which are altogether unnecessary and totally immate- rial to Iho matter in hand.' It is like surplusage at law. According to Webster, ',ednmdant means su- perfit uis, more than is necessary, superabundant;,' Cee also 2 Sand. 682, and Bedoll v. Stiokels, 4 How. 432. 'Williams v. Hayes, 5 How. Pr. R. 475. ' 5 Id. 53, at Special Term, August, 1850. ' See references to cases in this opinion, which are omitted in the above extract.,17m sgo.<I]
and ireevant not applicable or pertinent, not serving to support. Both, therefore, may probably come under the head of impertinent. Prolixity %.V be come redundance, and Lord Eldon held t :. ci *as prolixity was in itself impertinence. I¥s :n' thought that irrelevant and redundant ma;-. -:' isid not be struck out-unless a party is aggrieved -: pre judiced thereby, (per Harris in Hynds v. Griswold, supra.) With deference, I doubt that this is so to the fullest extent. As to scandalous matter, it is not clear that a person not a party to the record may move to strike it out. And the Court, ]i seems, will do it without application of any one. And imperti- nence in an answer was always exceptionable. My own impressions are, that as to scandalous and imper- tinent, irrelevant and redundant matter, the Code haas not in any revpet caunged the former practice in equity casee. Its effect on what, before the Code, would have been cases at law, is not now under con- sideration. If this view is correct the adverse party may always be considered aggrieved by scandalous, irrelevant, impertinent and redundant matter in pleading. I think one may be considered aggrieved by the interpolation of matter into the pleadings in a cause, in which he is a party, foreign to the case; and he always had a right to have the record expur- gated for that reason, without reference to the ques- tion of costs. If relevant, it cannot be scandalous. And . few unneces9a'y words will not make a pleading impertinent.' And courts should be liberal, especial- ly until our novel system of pleading shall have be-,See Dollner v. Gibson, contra, 3 C. R. 153.,[OH. V.,
come better settled and understood. Every fact direct or collateral, tending to sustain the general allegations of the bill, may be inserted, if done in a proper manner.",These views may be considered as embodying the settled rule of practice in the third and fourth Judi- cial Districts, and it is presumed elsewhere through- out the state.,In Hynds v. Griswold' it was held that any thing which it would be mateil to prOove upon the tial ought not to be deemed irrelevant. This language was also qualified by the same Judge in Williams v. Hayes,' by the explanation that "facts which might be material to the issue, as tending to aggravate or mitigate damages, might properly be stated in the pleadings, though not necessary to constitute a com- plete cause of action." Perhaps this qualification is not sufficiently guarded, and indeed it may be said to be not entirely consistent with the rule laid down by the learned Justice in this same case, which we have elsewhere assumed to be the correct rule, name- ly, that facts which go to establish the sseentialfacts in the case ought not to be inserted. Facts which the plaintiff may properly show to increase or aggra- vate his damages may not always be stated. It was so held by JusncE WITIABD in an action for a breach of a contract to convey land.' The plaintiff set forth in his complaint certain facts tending to enhance the damages resulting from a breach of the contract; the court held this to be mere matter of evidence upon,4 How. Pr. R. 70. '5 Id. 475. MS. case, not reported, at Saratoga Special Term, Deo'r 1851.,0 SEW. IL],179
which no material issue could be taken, and ordered the allegations to be struck out with costs. And it has also been several times held that matters going merely to mitigate damages ought not to be pleaded.',In the case of the Renaselaer & Washington Plank .Road Co. v. Wetsell,' and the case of Stewart and others v. Bouton,' the same principle is recognized as a well settled principle of pleading. JUSTICE HARms, in his opinion in the former case, says: " The motion to strike out redundant or irrelevant matter, is ana- logous to a defmurrer, and should, I think, be decided upon the same principles. If the matter cannot be made the subject of a material issue, it has no busi- ness in the pleading, and ought not to be left there to embarrass the opposite party, and the Court. Mr. JUSTICE HAND has, in Carpenter against West, aptly compared this motion to exceptions for impertinence, under the former Chancery practice. With a single exception, I think the analogy will hold. That ex- ception has already been noticed in several cases. It is that, under the Chancery practice, matters of evi- dence might properly be inserted in a pleading, while they are excluded by the theory of pleading adopted by the Code. Any matter which, upon exceptions for impertinence, under the Chancery practice, would be struck out as unnecessary and impertinent, should, upon motion, be struck out as redundant or irrele- vant. I know of no better test, than that I have al- ready mentioned, which is, to enquire whether the,Unless pursuant to § 165, see 4 Sand. 664, 6 How. Pr. 15. '6 How. Pr. R. 68. ' Id. 71.,0
matter objected to can, in any way, be made the sub- ject, or form a part of a material issue.",This "test" referred -o, is precisely the rule long recognized in Chancery, with the exception noticed above. In Woods v. Morrell,' Chancellor KENT re- marls, that the best rule to ascertain whether matter be impertinent, is to see whether the subject of the allegation com be ptut ixn iue, or given in evidence .between the parties. Or, as it is better stated in the case of the Mechanics' Bank v. Levy,' where the action is for relief alone, the cause of action must be stated in such a manner, that the main facts upon which the plaintiff's right to relief depends, "may be put in issue and tried."' Keeping in view the excc- tion noticed by Judge HARnIS in the above case, that the c(dicovery is abolished by the Code, and facts can no longer be stated merely as matters of evi- dence between the parties, the rules in regard to expunging scandalous and impertinent matter from the pleadings in equity, may be safely applied under the Code.' Mr. JusTICE WELLES, seems to have lost sight of this exception in the case of Burget v. Bisell,5 where in an action of trespass, for taking timber, he permitted an answer to stand, which in addition to a general averment that the title of the timber was in the defendant, proceeded to set forth at length, how such title arose.,It is true, as was intimated in thatcase, that in a 1' John Ch. R. 103. 3 Paige 608. See remarks on this subject, ante page 65. 4 John Ch. R. 437. 26 Wend. 63. 5 Paige 522. 6 id. 239. 5 How. Pr. 192. SEa. n],181
pleading in equity, facts which might be material in establishing the general allegations of a bill, or were material to the decision of the suit, either as to the subject matter of the controversy, the relief, or.the costs, were relevant and not impertinent;' this is the principle recognized in Howard v. Tiffany,' as appli- cable to pleadings under the Code, and which per- haps may be regarded as a settled rule. But it is not true that the plaintiff may now, in any form of pleading, state mere matters of evidence which, though proper to be given in support of the issue, cannot themselves be made a material issue, capable of trial. This was held by the same Justice to be the rule in an action at law in the case of Shaw v. Jane.',The exception referred to seems also to have been lost sight of by the learned Justice, who delivered the opinion in the case of the Rochester City Bank v. Suydam, before referred to,' wherein he arrived at the conclusion that certain matters ought not to be stricken out of the complaint "as embracing matters of evidence merely, for the reason that the conveni- ence of a court of equity is promoted by having as many of the circumstances appear ;in the pleadings, and as few in the proofs as possible," &c. Although in the subsequent case of Wooden v. Waffe,' the same Justice recognizes and applies the important distinction alluded to above; and though still main- taining the doctrine that the Code does not provide,' 4 Paige, 174; 5 id. 522. ' 3 Sand. S. C. B. 695. '4 How. Pr. R. 119. ' 5 How. Pr. 216, ante page 43. ° 6 How. Pr. R. 145, ante, page 43.,l
a uniformity of rules for the statement of equitable as well as legal causes of action, yet admits that, by the Code, the old bill of discovery is abolished, and that pleadings can no longer be used for the purpose of examining the opposite party. The conclusion in that case is substantially in accordance with the decisions in Carpenter v. West, and the Rensselaer Plank Road Company v. Wetsel supra,' and is with great clearness and precision expressed as follows:,"Formerly there was no adequate mode of curtail- ing prolixity in a Chancery pleading. Exceptions for impertinence would not reach many cases or needless detail. The rule that facts and not evince must be pleaded had no application. The party had a right to make his pleading an 'examination' of his adver- sary. Of course he might insert his evidence in order to obtain an admission. If the matter was relevant it was not impertinent, and could not be expunged. The Code, however, affords the remedy required. T7 pleaUing can no longer e ueed as an examination. All that is insoered for that purpose, therefore, may be stricken out as redundant. Statements may be redundant, which are neither impertinent nor-irrele- vant. We may now apply to an equity pleading the rule that mere matters o evidence must not be pleaded, although in a sense somewhat different from that of the common law, not as confining the party to the statement of such facts only as are essential to the cause of action or defence, and upon which a mate- rial, that is a decisive issue may be taken; but as limiting his right to encumber the record wish details,' Ante, pages 177,180. eamuI.],183
which have no other bearing upon the case than to establish some other fact, affecting the equitable right in controversy.",We understand this to mean precisely what was said in Howard v. Tiffany, supra,' and to recognize the old Chancery rule laid down in Woods v. Mor- rell,' VanRensselaer v. Brice, and Mechanics' Bank v. Levy,' with the qualification and exception stated by JSTIsncs IHAD and HAErIs, in Carpenter v. West and Rensselaer Plank Road Co. v. Wetsel, above cited. The case of Stone v. DePuga,' involving a limilar principle, was decided in a similar manner, and a part of a complaint struck out for seeking to dis- cover from the defendant mere matters of evidence.,An exception for impertinence founded on a few unnecessary words, should be disallowed, unless they may lead to the introduction of improper evidence.' A short sentence is not impertinent, although it con- tain no fact, or material matter, and may only be in- serted in a pleading from abundant caution.' This is what is meant by giving effect to the word aggieved, as used in the section of the Code referred to.8,An exception to a matter partly pertinent and re- sponsive, must be overruled.' A party who seeks to have matter expunged, must specify the parts of the,' Ante, pages 40, 60. 3 Sand. S. C. R. 395. '1 John. Ch. 103. ' 4 Paige 174, , 3 Id. 608. 'N. Y. Superior Court, 4 Sand. 68. 5 Paigo 522. 6 Id. 239. Story Eq. PI. § 267. 1 Edwards, 350. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 69. 5 Id. 475. o 11 Paige, 15, 454. 4 Paige, 174. 184,[OH. TV.
pleading which he deems irrelevant and redundant. Where the whole complaint is objected to, a portion of it not particularly specified will got be struck out, though it be in fact irrelevant and redundant.' Nor can an entire pleading be struck out as irrelevant or redundant; the objection should be taken by demur- rer.' The same was held in the Superior Court of New York, in the case of Fabricott v. Launitz,' name- ly, that an insufficient complaint was not irrelevant, within the meaning of § 160, and that the objection must be taken by demurrer. But if the objection- able matter in the complaint be immaterial, and be united with a good cause of action, it is not demurri- ble, but the objection must be taken by motion to strike out.' The irrelevant or redundant matter which section 160 of the Code authorizes to be strick- en out, is such as implies that the pleading contains other matters which are material. Thus in Harlow v. Hamilton,' where a whole answer was bad, on a motion made by the plaintiff to strike out a portion of it as irrelevant, under section 160, leaving another portion which contained no valid defence remaining, the motion was denied, the Court holding thaf the party had mistaken his remedy, his proper course being to demur, or move to strike out the whole an- swer under section 152 as an irrelevant defence.,Of statent of facts 8howing right of arrest.-A question has arisen and been considerably discussed,'6 How. Pr. R. 352. ' Nichols v. Jones, 6 id. 358. 4 Paige, 88. This however, is to be taken with the qualification in § 152.,' 3 Sand. 744. ' 2 Sand. 702. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 475.,13 SEc. n.],185
by the courts, whether in an action on contract, where the debt is fraudulently contracted, or the de- fendant has removed or is about to remove his pro- perty with intent to defraud his creditors, or in any other action where the defendant is a non-resident, or - is about to remove from the state, &c.; the plaintiff is at liberty to make averments of such facts in his complaint for the purpose of enabling him to take the defendant's body in execution.' In other words must the right to arrest the defendant appear in the pleadings; or, where the facts conferring such right to arrest constitute no part of the main cause of action, can they be stated in the pleadings without incurring the objection of irrelevancy ? The question seems to be settled both upon principle and authority in the negative. It is true the Supreme Court of the sixth district, at General Term, held, that where the cause of arrest exists at the time of the commence- ment of the action it should be stated in the com- plaint," thus confirming what was intimated by JUSTICE EDMONJDS in Barber v. .Hubbard,' and.by JTSTIOE HUEBARD in Gridley v. McCumber.' But in the later case of Barker v. Russell,' the General Term of the first district, overruling the decision in the same case, at special term," laid down clearly and unequivocally the rule to the contrary. This case fully sustains, on this point the decisions made at,' Am. Code, §§ 179 and 288. ' Corwin v. Freeland, 6 How. Pr. R. 241. This ease has gone to the Court Qs Appeals.,3 C. R. 156. '6 How. Pr. R. 414, 3 C. R. 211. 1 C. R., N. S. 57. 1 C. R., N. S. 57.
special term in Secor v. Jones,' Cheney v. Garbutt,2 and Masten v. ScovilL' And the point may therefore be regarded as settled. In the case of Lee and others v. Elias and others, in the N. Y. Superior Court,' the same principle was recognized, and JusTIcE CAMPB=rt after advisement with all the Justices of the court, struck out as irrelevant and redundant, from a com- plaint on a promissory note, certain allegations that the goods for which the note was given were fraudu- lently procured from the plaintiffs. " We cannot ac- cede to the idea," he remarks, "that the question of fraud, where it is in nowise applicable to the judgment to be rendered, is to be put in issue by the pleadings, in order to be tried in the action, merely to ascertain whether the case is one in which the defendant might have been arrested.",Similar views are expressed by JusTICE HARms, in Masten v. Scovill, above cited: "It waa never in- tended that the facts which rendered the defendant liable to arrest, except so far as they may be involved in a statement of the cause of action itself, should be set forth in the complaint. Should any matter, not pertinent to the cause of action, be inserted in the complaint, merely to show that the defendant is liable to arrest, as for example, that the defendant had re- moved, or was about to remove, his property with in- tent to defraud his creditors, I can see no reason why it should not be treated as redundant or irrelevant.",Such facts, of cause, cannot for any purpose be material to the issue or traversable, because they,'2 C. R. 1, per JONES, J. 5 How. Pr. I. 467 per WELLES, J. '6 Id. 315, per IIARRIS, J. ' 3 Sand. 737. SEC. I.]
as in cases of an equitable nature, have any bearing whatever on the particular relief demanded. The kind of execution, as was very properly said by JusnTc WEIAs, in Cheney v. Garbutt, above cited, - is not what was intended by the reliefto be demand- ed in the complaint. The judgment of the court de- termines the iefgranted, but the judgment does not undertake to specify in what manner it shall be car- ried into execution. The execution is a separate and distinct thing' from the judgment, and'the plaintiff it seems, at his own risk, must determine when and in what cases he is entitled to issue an execution against the body of the defendant.' Allegations merely going to show the right of arrest, are, therefore, neither constitutive'of a cause of action, nor do they have any bearing upon the relief sought, and conse- quently are not capable of being put in issue and tried. If inserted in the complaint, they will be struck out on motion as redundant. There are, doubt- less, some objections to this practice, and plausible reasons can be urged, why the judgment record should show on its face, enough to authorize an ex- ecution against the body. But until some such pro- vision is expressly made by statute, the practice may be regarded on the authority of the above cases, as well as upon principle, to be settled to the contrary.,What matters need not to be alleged.-Besides the rule at common law, that evidence, or the circum- stances merely tending to prove the material facts,' A to this point see oases above cited, and also Squire v. Flynn, 8 Barb. S. I. R, 169.,[Lo. v 188,THIE COMPLITNT.
should not be'pleaded,' there are some other rules tending to produce certainty and to prevent obscu- rity and confusion in the pleadings, which may be usefully applied to pleadings under the Code.,Thus it is laid down as a general rule, that it is not necessary to state matter of which the Conrt takes notice e~offio, as for example, the principles of the common law, or enactments by public statute,' for these the Judges are bound officially to notice; and by the Code, a private statute is sufficiently pleaded by referring to its title, and the day of its passage.' There are var'ous other matters of which the Court judicially takes notice, as of the division of the State into Counties, judicial districts, &c.,° the meaning of English words, terms of art, legal weights and meas- ures, the privileges of officers of the Court, &c., &c.,' and it is unnecessary to allege these matters in plead- ing.,It is not nlecessary to state matter which would come more propely ffomn the other side, or to anticipate the answer of the adversary. It is sufficient that the pleading should contain a good primafacie case with- out reference to possible objections not yet urged.' As in a complaint on a bond, or a contract, it is un- necessary to allege that the defendant was of full age at the time of the contract.t So too, in case of a debt barred by the statute of limitations, or dis- charged under the insolvent act, the plaintiff it is,'20 Wend. 57. 1 Denio 151. 'Corn. Dig. Pleader, 78. ' 3 Coms. 188. 12 Wend. 70. 'Am. Code § 163. ' This is by statute. ' See 1 Chit. PL 216, 226. ' Steph. PI. 350. ' Steph. P1. 350. SEC. rL],189
presumed, need not show in his complaint that the debt is barred or discharged, and then set forth the facts on which he relies to avoid the effect, but leave the objection to come from the other side ;-though if he do show the debt barred or discharged, he should also state facts enough to avoid the statute or the consequences ot the discharge.' Where a statute makes a writing necessary, as a lease for a term of years, it need not be pleaded to be in writing, though it must be proved to be so on the trial.' So too, in an action on a promise within the statute of fiauds, it need not be stated to be in writing.' Nor need a special consideration be alleged in declaring in a note not within the statute.',It i not necessac y to allege what the law will pre- swene.-An apt illustration of this rule is given in the case of an action for slander imputing theft; the plaintiff need not aver that he is not a thief because the law presumes his innocence till the contrary be shown.",It is not ncessceoy to allege circumstazwesneeessa'i - ly inpied.' As if a man plead that he is heir to A, he need not allege that A is dead, for it is implied.' Where a complaint on a promissory note set forth that the payee endorsed the same to the plaintiff, a demurrer that the complaint did not allege that the plaintif was the lawful holder of the note was held,See ante, pages 160, 161. ' 1 Saund. 276 4 John. 237. 15 id. 424. 6 Hill, 3?, 3 Cai. 286. 7 John. 321. '2 Wils. 147. 1 Chit. PI. 226. Steph. P1. 363, and cases cited. ' 2 Saund. 305.,[OR. IV. 190
to be frivolous.' Damages necessarily resulting from breach of a contract are implied in law, and the facts going to show sich damages need not and ought not to be specially alleged; but such damages as are not implied by law from a breach of the contract, and generally all consequential damages which do not necessarily arise from the injury complained of, must be particularized and specially stated.9 Within this limitation the dictum in Williams v. Hayes, noticed supra,' that " facts which might be material to the issue as tending to aggravate or mitigate damages, might properly be stated in the pleadings," can be safely applied. And where various matters are alleged in aggravation of damages they need not be particularly stated or set forth in detail, as for ex- ample, in trespass, where the plaintiff declared that the defendant broke and entered his dwelling house, and forced open the closet doors, drawers, chests, cupboards, and cabinets of the plaintiff, it was held on special demurrer that the breaking and entering the house was the principal ground of action, and the rest being matters thrown in to aggravate damages, need not be more particularly specified.',Whern a subject compre,ends a multiplicity of mat- tels, it is iwt necessary to set then forth in detail, but where great proliitjy would be avoided or the allega- tion on the other side must reduce the matter to a cer- tainty, a general mode of pleading is alowed.' On a,Appleby v. Elkins, 2 Sand. 673. 2 Barb. S. C. R . 525. 12 Wend. 64. 13 id. 390. Ante, page 179. 5 How. Pr. R. 475. ' 3 Wils. 292, Steph. PI. 371. ' Steph. PI. 254, 257. SEC. I.],191
promise by defendant to pay for such necessaries as the plaintiff should furnish a third person, the plaintiff al- leged that he had provided necessaries to the amount of a certain sum. This was heldgoodwithout specify- ing what the necessaries were.' The general rule above, however, is held subject to a qualification equally general, that where there is anything specific in the subject, though consisting in a number of particulrs, they must all be enumerated; as in justifying a gen- eral charge of swindling, or claiming a Forfeiture on the ground of non-compliance with a condition to fi.;nish water to such as should be willing to take it.' No greater particularity is required than the nature of the tLing will conveniently admit. As in an action for injury to goods, if the quantity or other descrip- tion of the goods cannot, under the circumstances, be conveniently ascertained, such certainty will not be reqnired.,How tlIefacts mut be stated.-Though the forms of pleading are abolished, and with them, the precise and methodical manner of expression to be found in the old precedents, including the formal commence- - ment and conclusion of the pleadings, yet there are certain logical rules relative to the mavner of 8tate- ment, as well as to the substance of the pleading, founded in reason and good sense, which have grown up under the old system both in law and equity, and which, though not formally recognised by the Code, may still in many cases be usefully and safely applied under our present practice. A few of them with,'3 Bulst. 31. ' 9 Wend. 351. 192,[OH. lV.
respect to the mode and :manner of stating causes of action in a complaint will here be noticed. It may be added that much of what is said on this point will apply equally to the mode and manner of stat- ing a defence-by the defendant in his answer. In treating, therefore, of the defendant's answer in the following chapter, it will be merely necessary on this branch of the subject to refer to what is here said.,It was a general rule at common law that a plead- ing must not be double, that is, that the plaintiff could not allege in support of a single demand several dis- tinct matters, by any one of which the demamd might be sufficiently supported.' This, however, did not mean that if he had several distinct causes of action of a similar quality or character against the same parties, he was not allowed to include them ell in one suit; on the contrary he was permitted to do so, though each separate claim or demand constituted a separate part of the declaration, technically called a count. The matters set forth in each count should constitute but one distinct subject of action and no more, and, though this cause of action might consist of a number of circumstances, yet, if together they constituted but one connected proposition or entire point, the pleading was not double.,A similar rule prevailed in equity, namely, that two or more distinct subjects could not be included in the same suit;' though two or more causes of action arising out of the same, or even distinct transactions, if of the same nature, might be joined against the same parties' The offence against this rule was,'Steph. P1. 251. '1 Barb. Ch.Pr.40. Id. 432. 5 Paige, 137.,198 8,O. IL]
termed mutifa rou.nes, arid rendered the bill liable to demurrer.' Thus, a bill against an executor for a legacy, and for an individual debt of the executor, is multifarious;' though a bill is not multifarious where it sets up one sufficient ground of relief, joined with another distinct but untenable claim.' So, too, at law mere immaterial matter could not operate to make the pleading bad for duplicity, even though the sur- plusage was relied upon by the party pleading it.' The proper way in. such a case is to object, not to the whole pleading,' but to such parts of it as are imma- terial, which, under the Code, can be done only by motion to strike out. In equity the term multifa- riousness, applied not only to complaints in which there was a misjoinder of distinct and independent bauses of action, but also to the misjoinder of parties.' We have heretofore had occasion to consider e-ch of these subjects under their appropriate titles, and leed only refer the reader to what was there said,' and see further as to misjoinder of actions, post, chap. vii. sec. 2.,The Code seems to have adopted similar rules against dupci'ty and multifariousnes@ in pleading. In the section providing for the union of causes of action, legal as well as equitable, in the same com- plaint, it is provided that:," T caws es of acti, so ute, ite, t all belong ' 5 Paige 65. '4 John. Ch. R. 199. ' 5 Panie 137. 3 Barb. Oh. R. 432. ' Steph. on PI. 259. ' 1 Coms. 222. ' Story, Eq. Pl.,§ 284. 1 Coms. 221. Ante, chap. 2 and chap. 3. 194
to one of these classes, and must affect all the parties to the action, and not require different places of trial, and mint be eeparately staed",',And the fifth subdivision of section 144 allows a demurrer on the ground "that several causes of as- tion have been improperly united." · Whether this refers to the improper statement in a single count of several distinct causes of action, which might be pro- perly joined if stated separately, or only to the mis- joinder of different causes of action in the same com- plaint, see post, chap. vii. sec. 2.-It is intimated by JusTicE SELDEN in Benedict v. Seymour,' that where two causes of action are thus mingled in the same count without properly distinguishing between them, a motion to strike out one of them, and not a demur- rer, would be the proper way to take the objection. Bat JUSTICE WILIARD, in Durkee v. S..& W. Rail Road Co.,' allowed a demurrer for that cause, holding that if the causes of action are not sepawately etated it is made a distinct ground of demurrer, by sub. 5 of § 144. In other respects the views of JUSTICES SE.- DEI and WIiLUDn concar as to the effect of the 167th section, and the mode of stating different causes of action in the same complaint. Judge Selden says:,First, then, it is plain that the rule of the common law, which prohibited duplcity in pleading, is fully maintained by the Code. Section 142 provides that the complaint may contain a plain and concise state- ment of the facts constituting 'a cause cf action,' and by section 167 the plaintiff is authorized to vnite,Am. Code, § 167. '6 How. Pr. R. 298. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 226. 2 Code R. 145. sBE. n.],195
svera camuses of action in the same complaint, when th-y are of the same nature.- - How unite them ? By mixing them up in one undistinguished and undistin- guishable mass ? Clearly not. reason forbids this. It needs not the result of centuries of experience to show us how inconvenient this would be. The Code sanctions nothing of the kind. It authorizes the statement of a 'cause of action,' thatis, a Wi'gye cause of action. No other construction is admissible. Hence, if the plaintiff wishes to include in his com- plaint more than one cause of action, he must distin- guish between them by the phrase, 'And for a fur- ther cause of action the plaintiff complains,' &c.; or some other equivalent words. If he fails to do this every allegation which is not essential to a single cause of action must, if objected to, be stricken out as redundant. In other words the complaint, if it contains more than one cause iof action, must be di- vided into distinct counts, like a declaration at com- mon law. This is required not only by the provisions of the Code itself fairly construed, but by the para- mount necessity of having issues which are to be tried by a jury clearly and distinctly presented."',JUDGE WIm LABD says: " The 150th and 151st secs. throw more light on this question. By those secs. the defendant is allowed to set forth by answer as many de- fences as he shall have. They must be separately stated and refer to the causes of action which they are intend- ed to answer. The defendant is allowed to demur to one or more of the several causes of action stated in,'Benedict v. Seymour, 6 How. 301. _ __,[CtEM- : 196
the complaint, and answer the residue. From these provisions, in connection with the foregoing, ' is ob- vious that the Code intsnded that each cause of action should be embraced in a single count in the complaint, and that there should be as many counts as there are causes of action. Had the old piraseology with which the profession was familiar been retained, fewer mistakes would have been made in this respect. The requirement that the several causes of action must be separately stated in the complaint, is precisely equi- valent to the requirement of a distinct count in a declaration, for each cause of action. Without such separation the defendant cannot have the benefit of a separate answer or demurrer. Nor can there ever be such an issue framed, as to enable the court and jury to try it in an intelligible manner."',The same doctrine was reperted by JUSTICE WnI- LARD in Pike v. VanWormer;' and it was again said that a demurrer would lie for not separating differ- ent causes of action into different counts as required by § 167.' There can be, therefore, no question that this section of the Code fully maintains the common law rule which prohibits dptliciy in pleading; and, it may be added, the equity rule which prohibits msl- tifarousiss. Each count, or to use the language of the Code, each statement, is required singly to contain a good cause of action, and one only. Asimilar doe,' Durke v. S. & W. Rail Roas Co., 4 How. 228. 5 How. Pr. R. 172. See also Boyee v. Brown. 7 Barb. 80. ' But see same ease, 8 How. 99, in which HARRIS J. dissent from some of the positions takenrin that ese. SW. r.].dl
ter claim i-.the answer, by way of set off',If matter entirely irrelevant be mixed up with a single good cause of action, or unnecessary statements with the fats which constitute a single connected pro- position, or distinct point,' or an untenable claim, or insufficient cause of action be united with a good one,' then a motion to strike out such objectionable matter should be made. But in a case of actual du/plicty or muZtifarios nes9, where two or more distinct causes of action or defences are not separately stated, but are "improperly united," the practice sanctioned in Dur- kee v. Saratoga & Washington R. R. Co.' of taking the objection by demurrer might, it seems, be correct- ly adopted.,It has been held that where negligence is the ground of action, claims for injuryto the plaintiff's person and his property, resulting from the alleged negligence, constitute but a single cause of action, and should not be separately stated. The Code does not abolish the causes of action as they existed before the passage of that act, nor does it in any manner define what should constitute a cause of action. It leaves all this matter as it was at common law, or in equity, before the Code was passed.',It was well said in the case of Boyce.v. Brown," by JUSTICE HAB D, that "good pleading should be,Ranney v. Smith, 6 How. Pr. R. 420, and see post, chap.v. see. 4. 3 Barb. S. C. R. 125. 7 Cow. 450. 5 Paige, 137. ' Ante, pages 195, 196. 'Per biason J. Howe v. Peckham, 6 How. Pr. R. 229. '7 Barb. S.C. R. 80.,[onH. IV. 198',TWA CBOMPLBIMTT
,materiag, s trute, unamtr igu ous, consistent, and certain as to a common intent as to time, place, person a/nd qantity, and not reduindant or argumentative.",These constituted some of the main rules under the old system, which tended to produce certainty in the issue, and to prevent obscurity and confusion in the pleading; and the same general principles governed pleadings in equity.' A defect in some of these par- ticulars, however, was merely a matter of form to be reached by special demurrer. Thus it was a general rule of pleading that the time and place bs every material traversable fact must be stated.' The time, however, and in transitory actions, the place, were in general considered as forming no material parts of the issue, so that one time, or one place, might be alleged and another proved. Both were required to be in- serted in order to give reasonable certainty and clear. ness to the general statement of facts, and an omis- sion to insert them, being matter of form, must be reached by special demurrer, and the defect was cured after verdict or judgment. By the Code, however, matters of form are no longer objectionable; and an omission to state the time and place is no longer a ground of demurrer,' unless in statements of local description, where it becomes necessary to prove the place, or in cases in which the time and place' hap- pens to form a material point in the merits of the case, and become part of the substance of the issue.' And where, from an omission to state the place or,Story Eq. P1. 3 v. '4 Denio, 80. Chit. P1. ' Finnerty v. Barker, 7 L. 0. 316. ' See 6 Barb. S. C. R. 429. L Steph. PI. 292, SmE. n.],199
time, or to specify quality, quantity, or value, the complaint fails to state the c, use of action with rea- sonable clearness and certainty, the court, under sec- tion 160 of the Code, will order the pleading to be made definite and certain by amendment.' The Code specifies the cases in which this may be done, namely: "W wenl the aegations of a pleading are so indefinite or uncertain that tV precise natwre of the charge or defence is not apparent." This embraces all cases where the pleadings are ambiguowu or doutf ul in meaning, or where there is a repugnancy, that is an inconsistency with other statements in the same pleading, or where they are, unintelligible by reason of the omission of material words, in all which cases, under the old system, the pleading was bad in form and might be objected to by special demurrer. Now, however, the defect can be reached only by motion to the court,' before- demurring or answering, and within twenty days from the service of the defective pleading.' Or perhaps the court on its own motion at the trial may require the pleading to be made more definite and certain.',The statements of the cause of action should also be direct and poitive,' and not by way of argument or inference. In an action of trespass for taking and carrying away the plaintiff's goods, the defend- ant pleaded that the plaintiff never had any goods, upon which the court remarked, " this is an infallible,IL. 0. 316. s 2 Sand. 702. ' Rule 43, 4 How. Pr. 68. ' Semble, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 90, 91. It may be on "information and belief." See post, next page. 'Steph. PI. 384. 7 Barb. S. C. R. 85, and cases there cited. 9 Barb. S. C. R. 297.,200,[CH. I.
argument that the defendant is not guilty, and yet it is no plea."' Facts, and not mere conclusions of law, must be alleged, and these rules are applicable to the theory of pleadings adopted by the Code. In Russell v. Clapp,2 it was held that an allegation in a pleading that a party to an action is not the real party in interest was bad on demurrer. The pleadings must state such facts as, when established by proof, will enable the court to say that the party is not the real party in interest. The same thing was subsequently decided in Bentley v. Jones,' and the principle held applicable to an allegation in the plaintiff's reply. So too in McMurray v. Thomas,, a general allegation of fraud, without setting out the facts showing the existence of the fraud, was held bad, as merely alleging a conclusion of law without naming the existence of facts by which it is sup- ported, and as presenting no fact upon which an issue can be taken.' The allegation may be on informa- tion and belief, and it is sufficient if the plaintiff alleges his belief alone.' But he should not allege it on information and belief when the fact is pre- sumptively within his own knowledge.',It was also, and still is, a rule, that pleadngs mrust not be iw the alteSnative, or Aypotletical; as where it was charged that the defendant wrote and,'Steph. PI. 384. 7 Barb. S. 0. R. 482. 4 How. Pr. R. 347. How. Pr. R. 202. ' 5 id. 14. 'Bee also 1 Code Rep. 91. 4 How. Pr. R, 98. 1 C. R., N. S,270, and see form of verification, § 157 Am. Code.,' Richardson v. Wilton, 4 Sand. 708.,14
published, or caused to be written and published a certain libel, this was held bad for uncertainty.' And again, in an action against a gaoler for an escape, the defendant cannot plead that if the prisoner escaped, he escaped without the knowledge and against the will of the defendant, and if such escape was made, the prisoner voluntarily returned. The defendant cannot thus plead hypothetically that if there has been an escape there has also'been a return. He must either stand on an averment that there has been no escape, or that there has been one, after which the prisoner voluntarily returned.' This rule has been repeatedly applied to cases of pleading under the Code. In McMurray v. Thomas, hypo- thetical pleading' was held bad on demurrer by JUSTIcE WnILA'aD; and inSayles v. Wooden,' JusTICE CADY followed this decision. So too in Lewis v. Kendall,' JUSTICE MAsON for the same reason held an answer to a complaint in slander denying, first, that the defendant ever spoke the words mentioned in the complaint, and then alleging that if the plaintiff proves he did speak them, the defendant would then prove certain things, to be bad on demurrer. He remarks: "The system.of pleading under the present Code, I have no doubt, contemplated that the defend- ant in his answer should either confess and avoid the action made by the complaint, or that he should deny or traverse all the material facts contained in the complaint, and he must state facts and not'argu- ments."" , ------------.,'8 Mod. 330. ' 1 Bos. 8 Pul. 413. 'Supra, page 201. 6 How. Pr. R. 84. 6 How. Pr. R. 59. ' See also 6 How. Pr. R. 401, and post, chap. v. sec. 3. 202,rave. 1v.
relation to the subject of the manner of the statement of the facts by the plaintiff in his complaint, it re- mains only to be added, that they are equally appli- cable to every class of action, as well as to every kind of relief-to a suit for an injunction, for the construc- tion of a will or other instrument in writing, for the foreclosure of a mortgage, and for the partition of lands, as well as to an action of trespass to the person or property, or for the recovery of real estate, or for a mere money demand on a contract.,The pleading in equity, though less technical than those at law, were, yet, always framed with a similar regard to certainty and uniformity, and in equity as at law it was held that there was a regular order and method in which the pleadings should dis- play the grounds of the suit. Thus, it is said by Judge Story, in-his Equity Jurisprudence, that every fact essential to the plaintiff's title to maintain the bill and obtain the relief, must be stated in the bill, otherwise the defect will be fatal. FIor no facts are properly in issue, unless charged in the bill, and of course no proofs can generally be offered of facts not in the bill, nor can relief be g'anted for matters not charged although they may be apparent from other parts of the pleadings and evidence.' The rule, how- ever, indicated in the latter clause of the last sentence is somewhat modified by section 275, Amended Code, which provides that:-," The relief granted to the plaintiff, if there be no answer, cannot exceed that which he shall have demanded in his,'Story, Eq. PI. § 256.,203 S6E. .Io],STATMIEN~T OR SAMS.
complaint; but in any other case the court; may grant him any relief consistent with the case made by the complaint, and embraced within the issue."',The complaint should be 'sufficiently full and certain to enable the court upon the proof or admis- -sion of all the facts contained in it to grant the relief sought, and if not it is objectionable on demurrer for insufficiency.',It was also a general rule in equity that whatever was essential to the rights of the plaintiff and was necessarily within his knowledge, ought to be alleged positively and with precision.' Certainty was also required in a bill of complaint, and the remarks of Judge Story upon this point, may well be applied to all cases of pleading under the Code, namely that it is an elementary rule of the most extensive influence, that the bill should state the right, title, or claim of the plaintiff with accuracy and clearness; and that it should in like manner state the injury, or grievance of which he complains, and the relief which he asks of the court. In other words, there must be such certainty in the averment of the title, upon which the bill is founded, that the defendant may be distinctly informed of the nature of the case which he is called upon to meet. The other material facts ought also to be plainly yet succinctly alleged, and with all neces- sary and convenient certainty as to the essential cir- cumstance of time, place, manner, and other incidents. If title deeds or other instruments are referred to, hey should not be set out in huc veba,; but the ' See next section of this chapter. ' Tallman v. Greene, 3 Sand. 437. 'Cooper Eq.PI. 6. 204,[1oeL. IV
substance of such portions only of them as are neces- sary to a right understanding of the real matters of the bill.' But it should not state any impertinent or irrelevant matters, or any matters of which the court is bound judicially to take notice, such. as matters of law, legal presumptions, or recite public acts or laws." These principles are entirely similar to those already noticed as applicable to pleadings at law, and thus far perfect harmony and uniformity in the pleadings, characterize both systems. The points of difference, as we have alheady noticed in a previous chapter,3 have been abolished by the Code, and the two systems blended into oDe.,In squity, though it was a general principle that the plaintiff's title could not be set forth in the alter- native, yet a bill might sometimes be brought with a double aspect, as where the title to relief would be the same in each case, the plaintiff might aver facts of a different nature, which would equally support his application.' A bill with a double aspect was proper where upon his case the complainant was doubtful as to which of two kinds of relief he waa entitled, or where the particular relief depended-upon a fact of which he was uncertain.' It has beer already noticed, that under the Code alternative relief may be prayed, and the proper relief, whether legal or equitable, administered in the same action; but in such cases the relief prayed must not be inconsistent.','Story Eq. PI. § 24. , Id. § 24. ' Ante, pages 60 to 69. 'Story, Eq. P1. 254. Lloyd v. Brewster, 4 Paige, 537. e Ante, page 50. ' 3 Sand. 668. 6 How. Pr. R. SEO. IL.],205
Statutory provisi'on, relativo to acti on coacrnnwi eal property.-There are certain provisions of the statute relative to the statement of facts in a com- plaint in an action concerning real property, which may be here properly noticed. The Code provides that:," 7ie general provsions of the .Revised Statutes re- lating to actionls conwcering real property, hKall aply to actions brought wAder tHis act acCordin1g t th te Sub- ject matter of the action, and without regard toform.",Thus the provisions of the statute relative to what a complaint shall contain, in an action to recover real property, or for dower, or to foreclose a mortgage, etc., are still in force. In an action to recover real property, it is sufficient for the plaintiff to aver that, on some day to be specified, and which shall be after his title accrued, he was possessed of the premises in question, describing them,' and being so possessed, the defendant afterwards, on some day to be stated, entered into such premises, and that he unlawfully withholds from the plaintiff the possession thereof, to his damage any nominal sum the plaintiff may think proper to state.' If the plaintiff claims any undivided share or interest in any premises, he shall state the same particularly in such declaration.",So, too, in an action for the recovery of dower, the statute provides that the plaintiff shall state that she was possessed of the one undivided third part of the,'Am. Code, § 455. See also §§ 448 and 471. ' As provided in the subsequent section. See § 8, 2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 401.,'2 B. 8. (3d ed.) p. 401, sec. 7. ' Id. se.c 9.,[OH. IV. 206
husband, naming him.,In every other case for the recovery of real prop- erty, the plaintiff shall state whether he claims in fee, or whether he claims for his own life, or the life of another, or for a term of years, specifying such lives, or the duration of such term.' And in case the action be not brought for dower, the declaration may con- tain several counts, and several parties may be named as plaintiffs jointly in one count, and separately in others.' The notice required by section 12 of the same title of the statute, it is presumed, is no longer necessary, it being inconsistent with the general prac- tice and rules prescribed by the Code.,A complaint in dower, it seems, need not allege that the defendant is in the actual possession of the premises, or that six months have elapsed since the death of her husband.',A complaintfor the freclosure or satisfactio of a mortgage must state whether any proceedings have been had at law for the recovery of the debt secured thereby, or any part thereof, and whether such debt, or any part thereof, has been collected.' This is a matter of substance required by the statute and an omission to state it would be ground for de- murrer. If the complaint shows that a judgment for the mortgage debt has been obtained it must also show that the remedy thereon has been exhausted, that is, that an execution against the property of the defendant has been returned unsatisfied in whole or,' 2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 401, see. 10. ' Id. see. 11. ' Townsend v. Townsend, 2 Sand. 711. 2 R. S. (3d ed.) 245, § 205.,STA~TEM=EN OF FACTS.,207 SECX. 1I.]
in part.2 And if such allegation be not made, the complaint will also be defective on demurrer.' The mere pendency of a suit at law, it was held, would not bar a bill of foreclosure, but the suit could not be prosecuted without farther leave.' The mortgagee might sue at law upon the bond and at the same time foreclose the mortgage in equity.' This, under the Code, he may now do in one action, even though the plaintiff be the assignee of the mortgage. If the plaintiff has obtained judgment on a collateral secur- ity given for the debt by a third person he cannot it seems foreclose until he has exhausted his remedy on such judgment.' In such case, if he sets forth the judgment so obtained, his complaint must also allege the return of an execution unsatisfied, or the defen- dant may demur. If the complaint states that no proceeding have been had pt law, &c., such objection may be taken by answer.,An action for the partition of property may be instituted under the Code by summons and com- plaint, as heretofore by bill in chancery;' or the proceedings may be commenced by petition under the statute, as was formerly the case; and when so instituted, the petition stands for the complaint, and the pleadings are intended to be similar to an action,2 R. S. (3d ed.) 245, § 206. ' 9 Paige, 137. 6 8 Paige, 70. 9 Id. 294, 370. ' 6 John. Ch. R. 77. '4 Paige, 549. 'Am. Oode, § 448. See also 1 C. R. 67. 2 Id. 13. 4 How Pr.R.83. Id. 133. 3 Id. 318. 351. , 208,[Co. IV.
under the Code.' The statute prescribes that the petition (and so also the bill, or, under the present practice, the complaint) shall contain the following matters:,1st. It shall particularly describe the premises sought to be divided or sold.,2. It shall set forth the rights and titles of all persons interested therein, so far as the same are known to the petitioner, including the interest of any tenant for years, for life, by the courtesy, or in dower, and the persons entitled to the reversion, remainder or inheritance after the termination of any particular estate therein, and every person who, by any con- tingency contained in any devise, grant or otherwise, may be or become entitled to any beneficial interest in the premises.,3.. It shall be verified by affidavit. It has been questioned whether the verification is absolutely necessary, under sections 156 and 157 of the Amended Code. The most safe and correct practice, however, seems to be in all cases to follow the statute and verify the complaint.,In case any one or more of the parties, or the share or quantity of interest of any of the parties, be unknown to the petitioner, or be uncertain or contingent, or the ownership of the inheritance shall descend upon an executory devise, or the remainder shall be a contingent remainder, so that such parties cannot be named, such fact or facts must be stated.' It is sufficient in a complaint in partition to allege,'2 0. R. 69. 4 How. Pr. R. 125. ' 2 R. S. (3d ed.) 413, § 7. sEa. !T.],. 209
that the parties are seized as tenants in common. It is not necessary to allege that the plaintiff is in pos- session of the premises, as that fact is presumed from the allegation that the parties are seized.' If the premises are held adversely, an action for parti- tion cannot be sustained.' If that fact appear on the face of the complaint, it is presumed under the Code, a demurrer would lie.' If it does not so appear, the objection may be .-i by answer.' Formerly, the practice was, that ,' e the legal title was dis- puted and doubtful, the party would be sent to a court of law to have his title established.' But the bill would be retained to give the plaintiff an oppor- tunity to establish his title at law.' It was custom- ary also, in some cases, to set forth the conveyances by which the plaintiff held, or the evidence of his title. Now, however, under the Code, the fact of the seizin may be traversed, and the legal title deter- mined, and it is questionable whether it is proper any longer to set forth the conveyances by which the plaintiff holds, or the evidence of his title. A11 this is matter of proof; and if the defendant deny that the plaintiff is seized, it is to be given in evidence on the trial.',The Code prescribes that proceedings for the de- termination of claims to real property may be pros-,' 3 Paige, 242. ' 2 Barb. Ch. R. 398. 9 Cow. 530. 5 Denio, 385. ' 2 Barb. Ch. I. 398. ' 3 Paige, 242. 3 John. Ch. 302. 4Id. 271. * 1 Id 14. ' As to who may apply for partition, see R. S. § 1, Title 3, Chap. 5. Part 3. Also Act amending same, passed April, 1852.,[oH. IV. 210
STATEMENT OF FACTS. ecuted by action under that act, without regard to form, &ec The Revised Statutes particularly pre- scribe what the notice (and so it is presumed the complaint) shall contain, to which it is necessary here only to refer.' But it was held in the case of Crane v. S.awyer,* by JUSTICE GRDLEY, that the pro- ceedings by summons and complaint were utterly inconsistent with the provisions of the statute, and that notwithstanding the provision in the Code, the proceedings must still be commenced by notice in the manner prescribed by statute.,27te writ of nuisaqnce and the action of waste are abolished by the Code, and wrongs remediable by the action of waste and the writ of nuisance, are now the subjects of civil actions under the Code, without regard to the form of the action, so far as the same can be applied.' For the provisions of the revised statutes respecting writs of nuisance and actions of waste, and what facts are to be set forth therein, see titles 4 and 5, chap. v., part iii. But quere, how far, if the decision in Crane v. Sawyer, supra, is 'to be regarded as a rule of law, it affects these civil actions of waste and nuisance.,Am. Code, § 449. 2 2 R. S. (3d ed.) 408, § 2. ' 1 C. R., N. S. 31. ' Am. Code, sees. 450, 451, 452,453, 454. sEo. il.],11 .
S2 12 THE COMPLAINT. [OH. IT.,SECTION .II THE DEMAND FOR RELIEF. TEE third requisite which, by the Code, the plain. tiff is required to state in his complaint is:,A demand of the relief to which the plaintiff supposes himself entitled. If the recovery of money be demanded the amount thereof shall be stated.',An omission to state any claim for relief in the complaint would be an irregularity, and, by the ana- logy of the practice in cases where no title, or a defective title of the cause is set out,' is to be correct- ed, not by demurrer, but on motion to set aside the complaint for the irregularity.' Or, it seems, the defendant, if he chooses to pursue that course, might, on motion, compel the plaintiff to make the com- plaint more definite and certain by amendment.,In an action at law for a money demand, the decla- ration, after stating the cause of action, and, when necessary, the special injury or damage resulting therefrom, usually concluded with what was called the ad damnum clause-" to the damage of the said plaintiff of --" &c. The plaintiff might recover any less sum than that laid in his declaration, but in general could not recover more.,' Am. Code, see. 142, 3d subdivision. 3 How. Pr. B. 407. 1 C. R., N. S. 20, 21. ' Ante, pages 131,132. .,,
property, +hLr .- urision of the declaration was similar, and the pla.::;.', instead of demanding the relief to which he supposed himself entitled, namely the pos- session of the land, or the restoration of the chattels, merely alleged that he was injured and damaged to a specified amount;' leaving to the court to pronounce the proper judgment on the facts qs they appeared at the trial. A defect in the ad damncm clause was a matter of form merely, and the objection was taken by special demurrer.,In equity, the bill of complaint usually contained a prayer for the particular relief to which the com- plainant thought himself entitled. The usual prac- tice was also to include a prayer for general relief at the discretion of the court, so that if the complain- ant should mistake the relief to which he was enti- tled in his special prayer, the court might afford him the relief to which he had a right, under the prayer for general relief, provided such relief was agreeable to the case.made by the bill.' If there was no prayer for general relief none other could be granted than that specially asked for.' A prayer for general rlief, however, was usually sufficient, without a prayer for particular relief, and the plaintiff at the hearing, might ask the particular relief to which he thought himself entitled ;' but in such case the court would grant such relief only as the case stated would justify,,' In Ejeotment any nominal sum he thought proper to state, 2 R- S. (3d ed.) 401, see. 7.,' Story, Eq. P1. sec. 40. 'Id. Cooper, Eq. P). 18, 14. Id. SEC. IIm.,213 DEMAND FOR MIEEF.
and would not ordinarily permit a bill framed for one purpose, to answer another, especially if the defend- ant might be surprised or prejudiced thereby.',The theory of the Code seems to do away in all cases with the prayer for general relief, and to require the party specifically to. demand the relief to which he supposes himself entitled. Thus in an action to recover real property, the complaint, after stating the case conformably to the principles already laid down, should conclude with a demand that the 'defendant be adjudged to deliver the possession to the plaintiff, with damages for the withholding thereof, such sum as the plaintiff may claim. So also in an action to recover personal property.,It is to be observed, however, that the Code relaxes the equity rule in one respect, namely, that where there is no prayer for general relief, though the plaintiff may have mistaken the particular relief to which he is entitled, yet the court, except in case there be no answer, may grant him any relief consistent with the case made by the complaint, and embraced within the issue.' If, however, there be no answer, the relief cannot exceed that which the plaintiff shall have de- manded in his complaint.',The common law rule that the plaintiff cannot re- cover in damages a greater sum than he claims in his complaint, it seems, is not affected by these provisions of the Code. If the recovery of money is demanded, the plaintiff is required to state "the amount there- of.'. In an action which is brought for the recovery,See. 142. 1 Story, Eq. P1. sees. 41, 42; Cooper, Eq. PI. 14. ' Am. Code, see. 275. ' Id. 214,[OH. IV.
of a sum certain, as on a promissory note, or for a liquidated demand, this may always be done with a reasonable degree of exactness. The plaintiff may claim such an amount, with interest thereon from such a date, and his costs. In cases of unliquidated damages, of course, the amount should be laid high enough to cover all possible damages; and the plain- tiff may claim in his complaint, and may recover by the Code, if he show himself entitled thereto, any rate of damages which he might have heretofore re- covered for the same cause of action.' The court will permit the complaint to be amended in the amount of damages claimed; and that, too, after issue joined in an action on contract, and after a reply, velified, reiterating the amount claimed in the original com- plaint.',We have already seen that under the Code, the proper relief, whether legal or equitable, will be ad- ministered in the same form of action. In Linden 'v. Hepburne,' it was said that: "In some cases alter- native relief may be prayed, and relief be granted, in one or the other form, in which cases an action at law was necessary to attain the one form, and a bill in equity to reach the other." But in that case it was very properly held that insconsstent 4relief could not be demanded in the same complaint, as that the plaintiff a vendor, could not demand payment of an instalment of purchase money in arrear, and also a forfeiture of the contract of sale, and restoration of,a 1 Am. Code, 276. ' Merohant v. N. Y. Life Ins. Co. 2 Sand. 669. 8. C. 2 C. R. 66. ' 3 Sand. 671.
possession; or as in the case at bar, that the plaintiff, a lessee, could not demand, in the same complaint, a forfeiture of the lessee's term, and an injunction against him on a breach of the covenants in his lease. The same was held in the case of Getty v. Hudson River R. R. Co.,' and a complaint claiming, by way of relief, a remedy in the nature of an injunction with damages, for the injuries already sustained, was de- cided to be good. The court in that case very pro- perly remarks: "In trying such a cause at the circuit, I should most certainly allow whatever amendment in the pleadings was necessary to give the party re- dress. If the plaintiff had asked for equitable relief, and it had turned out that he was entitled to legal relief only, I should permit him to take it in that form. And if he had asked for legal relief only, when he was entitled to both legal and equitable relies, I should allow the proper amendment, to ad- minister complete justice in the case.",These views are entirely in harmony with' section 2T5, Amended Code, above quoted, and the practice established of permitting legal and equitable relief to be administered in the same action.,But though the plaintiff may thus demand in his complaint alternative relief, yet it should be only such as is " consistent with the case made by the com- plaint anl embraced within the sue." ' In other words, he should not ask too much, either directly or in the alternative. There does not, however, seem to be any way in particular in which a defendant can,' Per PARKER, J., 6 How. Pr. R. 269. ' Am. Code, seo. 275.,[on. IV. 216
take advantage of such a claim. The prayer for re- lief does not constitute any portion of the "state- ment of facts;" it does not require a reply; no issue can be taken on any portion of it; it is addressed to the court, and will not be granted unless, upon the hearing of the facts and the law of the case, the party is entitled to the relief prayed for, and consequently, although defective, it will not be struck out on mo- tion.' The Code makes provision whereby a party may protect himself against an improper.judgment, without incurring unnecessary litigation. By section 385, Amended Code, the defendant may at any time before the trial and verdict, offer in writing to alloiw judgment to be taken against him, so e t7le sumt or property, or to the effet therein pecified, with costs. If the plaintiff refuse to accept, and fail to obtain a more favorable judgment, he cannot recover costs, but must pay the defendant's costs from the time of the offer.' Wherever, therefore, the plaintiff demands other or different relief from that which the facts of his case, if proved, would warrant, the proper course will be for the defendant to follow the practice marked out in this section of the Code, and offer in writing to let the.plaintiff take such judgment as he may be entitled to. If he refuse to do so, a defence may then properly be made to the action.,' Per CADY, J., Averill v. Taylor, 5 BHow. Pr. R. 478. 2 Am. Code, 385.,15,217 SE. m.]
SECTION IV. THE VERIFICATION OF THE COMPLAINT. IT was the object of the Commissioners of the Code in requiring all pleadings, except the demurrer, to be verified, to narrow down the issue as much as pos- sible to the real matter in controversy between the parties, by getting an admission from either side of those facts in the case about which there was no real difference, and thus saving the trouble and expense of calling witnesses to establiqh such facts on the trial.' Accordingly the original Code provided that every pleading, except the demurrer, muist be verified by the 'party, or attorney, to the effect that he be- lieved it true,' except when the party would be privileged from testifying as a witness to the same matter, in which case the verification might be omitted.',fMay be omitted whn.-Under the latter clause of this section it was decided in Clapper v. Fitzpatrick,' that the verification might be omitted if the court can see that the matter contained in the pleading is such as might aid in forming a chain of testimony to,' See Rep. Com. 1u3. ' It was held that if not so verified, the pleading might be treated as a nullity. 3 How. Pr. R. 280, 1 C. R. 26.,' Orig. ode, § 133. ' How. Pr. R. 314.,[OIL IV. 218
receivable in evidence.' The clause has been amended so as to allow the verification to be omitted " wena an admisgion of the truth of tVie allgations nmlgh7t uject the party toprosecutionforfelony.",The section was amended in 1849 so as to leave it optional with the party to verify the pleading or not, prescribing substantially the old Chancery form of verification, and was again amended in 1851. As the two sections now stand they read as follows:-,§ 156. Every pleading in a Court of Record must be subscribed by the party or his attorney, and when any pleading is verified, every subsequent pleading, except a demurrer, must be verified also.,§ 157. The verification must be to the effect, that the same is true to the knowledge of the person making it, ex- cept as to those matters stated on information and belief, and as to those matters he believes it to be true, and must be by the affidavit of the party, or if there be several parties united in interest, and pleading together, by one at least of such parties acquainted with the facts, if such party be within the county where the attorney resides, and capable of making the affidavit. The affidavit may alsobe made by an agent or attorney, if the action or defence be founded upon a written instrument for the payment of money only, and such instrument be in possession of the agent or attorney. When the pleading is verified by any other person than the party he shall set forth in the affidavit his knowledge, or the grounds of his belief, on the subject, and the reasons why it is not made by the party. When a corporation is a party, the verification may be made by any officer thereof; and when the state, or any officer thereof in its behalf, is a party, the verification' may be made by any person acquainted with,' Post, chap. v. sec. v.,219 SEa. IY.],VERIFICATION O.P.
the facts. The verification may be omitted when an admis- sion of the truth of the allegations might subject the party to prosecution for felony. And no pleading can be used in a criminal prosecution against the party, as proof of a fact admitted or alleged in such pleading.,.Dfective verfication how treated.-Though it seems a pleading defectively verified may be treated as a nullity, yet it should be immediately returned, or no- tice given to the party that it will be disregarded, in order to allow him an opportunity to cure the defect.' If the defect were not promptly obviated the plain. tiff might then treat the pleading as a nullity, and -enter judgment as on a default. Or it would seem that, in case of no verification where one is necessary, the adverse party might move to set aside the plead- ing for the irregularity. This, it is held, he may do where a verification to the complaint is defective, as where it is made by an agent or attorney, and no cause is stated why it is not made by the party.' Or, in such case, he may immediately return it, and if the defect be not remedied at once, may treat it as a nul- lity.' The verification itself forms no part of the pleading; therefore, if defective, it cannot be demur- red to.' But a copy of the verification must be served with the pleading.' And where a pleading is served without a verification, and afterwards re-served with-,'Liambeer v. Alien, 2 Sand. 648. Levi v. Jakeway, 4 How. Pr. R. 126. See also 1 Id.' 240, 2 Id. 146, 3 Id. 64, 4 Id. 153.,' Webb v. Clark, 2 Sand. 647. ' Graham v. MoCoun, 5 How. 353. '2 Sand. 647. 6 Hlow. Pr. R. 353.,[a V.v 220Q
out alteration, but with a verification, held that the pleading last served was not an amended pleading, the verification being no part thereof, and might be disregarded,' But it seems that on excuse shown, and in furtherance of justice, the court, on motion, will allow a complaint to be verified after it has been served.' If the venue be omitted in the affidavit of veriication, the verification is a nullity, and the op- posite party may so treat it without returning it.',The form and manner of tlhe vriication is parti- cularly pointed out by the Code. It must be made by the party, except in certain cases when it may be made by the attorney or agent, and when made by the attorney the reasons must be stated in the affida- vit' If the verification to the complaint, in this or any other respect, be insufficient, the defendant may treat it as though it were not verified, and put in his answer without oath; and such, it seems, is the pro- per course.' The party must regularly subscribe his name to the pleading or the affidavit.' But it seems the signature of the defendant to the verification is a sufficient "subscription" to the complaint within the meaning of the Code.',The Code requires the verification to be to the es- sect, that the same is " true to the knowledge of the,' George v. MoAvoy, 1 0. R., N. S. 318, per PLATT, J. 'Bragg v. Bickford, 4 How. Pr.. B. 21, per WELLES, J. '6 How. Pr. R. 394. 'VanHorne v. Willis and others, 5 How. Pr. R. 238. 'Fitch v. Bigelow, 5 How. Pr. R. 237, per PARKER, J. Sand. 648. Hubbell v. Livingston, 1 C. R. 63, per WATSON, J. e'a. IV.],221
person making it." It is sufficient, however, to swear that "it is true," which is in law a swearing that it is true to the kzowedge, &c., of the person making it.' The verification must be that the same is true, " ex- cept as to those matters stated on information, and belief, and as to those matters he believes it to be true." Under the amendment of 1849 the phraseology was "on information or belief.". Under this section a verification that a complaint was true, " according to the best of his kzowledge and belief," was held insuffi- cient." And in another case it was said that a veri- fication was defective which used the words "infor- mation and belief" instead of "information or belief."',If the affida a_ is made by one of several parties pleading together, it must be by one of such parties acquainted with the facts, if he be within the county where the attorney reside, and capable of making the affidavit.' He should show in his affidavit that he has knowledge of the facts.' But if such party making the verification swear positively that he knows the facts to be true, and nothing is alleged on informa- tion and belief, the affidavit will not be defective in not stating that the deposing party is "acquainted with the facts.'",Southworth v. Curtis, 6 How. Pr. R. 271, per HUDBARD, J. '.VanHorne v. Willis and others, 5 How. Pr. R. 238, perGRID- LET, J.,'Burnett v. Harkness, 4 How. Pr. R. 158, per PARKER , J.also Davis v. Potter, 2 C. R. 99.,' Code. '6 How. Pr. R. 400. 6 How. Pr. R. 272.,[cO. IT. 222
If the verification be made by the agent or attor- ney on a written instrument for the payment of money only, the affidavit must show that such instru- ment is in possession of the deponent, and need not state any other reason why it is not made by the party. If made by the agent or attorney in any other case, he must show that he has personal know- ledge of the facts.',The guardian of an infant plaintiff, it seems, may verify the complaint.' This case was decided before the amendments of 1849. Such, however, it is pre- sumed is still correct practice under the Code. The guardian, for this purpose, Will doubtless be consider- ed " the party" within the meaning of section 157.,A verification to a pleading mustnot be made be- fore the plaintiff's attorney. Such a verification, however, is not a nullity. It is a mere irregularity which is waived by the other side, unless a n: 1 be made the first opportunity to set it aside.',' Hunt v. Meacham, 6 How. Pr. R. 400. ' Hill v. Thacter, 3 How. Pr. R. 407. 2 C. R. 3. Gilmore v. Hempstead, 4 How. Pr. R. 153.,' .· . . . ': - !·:J .
;oH.;lyr. ; : SECTION V.,SUPPLaafETA. aOMPLAINT. IT equity, where, by an event subsequent to the commencement of the suit, *a new interest in the matter in litigation was claimed by an existing party to the suit, or a new party claimed the interests of an existing party (otherwise than by mere operation of law), a supplemental bill was allowed. A supple- mental bill was proper whenever the imperfection in the origina billarose from the omission of some material fact, which existed before the filing of the bill, but the time had passed in which it could be in- troduced into the bill by amendment. And gene- rally a supplemental bill was not permitted to be filed whenever the same end could be obtained by amendment.' Matters arising since the original bill was filed, and which were material to perfect the complainant's case, might be introduced by supple- mental bill, if the record was not in a state to admit of any amendment.' Matters which arose previous to the filing of the original bill, although discovered by the complainant afterwards, should be introduced by way of amendment, provided the cause was in that stage in which an amendment was allowable.','2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 59, 3 Paige, 164. 'Story Eg. Pi. §§ 332, 333.; '2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 60, 61. Id. 1 Paige, 201. 224
But if the cause had progressed so far that an amend- ment could not be made, or if material facts had oc- curred after the commencement of the suit, a supple- mental bill might be filed. And so also if it became necessary to bring before the court some party es- sential to the proceedings who had been omitted to be introduced at the stage of the cause in which an amendment could be made, a supplemental bill might be filed for that purpose.' Nothing could be inserted in an original bill, by way of amendment, which arose subsequent to the commencement of the suit, but the same must be stated in a supplemental bill.',These rules it is presumed are still, in the main, applicable to the practice under the Code, in cases where a supplemental complaint is allowed. .The Code provides as follows:--,The plaintiff and defendant respectively, may be allowed, on motion, to make a supplemental complaint, answer, or reply, alleging facts material to the case, occurring after the former complaint, answer, or reply, or of which the party was ignorant when his former pleading was made.',It has been held under the Code that -iircum- stances happening after the commencement of the action, cannot be introduced into the complaint by amendment; such matters must be brought before the court by a supplemental complaint, pursuan; to sec-,Story Eq. PI § 268, Welf. Eq. PI. 191, 2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 60. '2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 63, 1 Paige, 200. 'Am. Code, § 177.,225 SEa. V.]
tion 17l.' This is in accordance with the former rule in equity.',Under the liberal system of amendments allowed by the Code it is presumed that almost all other mat- ters which might have been the subject of a supple- mental bill, may now be introduced by amendment.' The court, before or after judgment, may amend the pleadings, &c., by adding or striking out the name of a party, or correcting a mistake, or inserting other allegations material to the case, or' when the amend- ment does not change substantially the claim or de- fence, by conforming the pleading or proceeding to the facts proved. Parties might be brought in by amendment at any timen'io to a decree under the Chancery practice.' But by the Code the pleading may now be amended, even after judgment, by adding or striking out the name of a party. Matters arising previous to the commencement of the action, and of which the party was ignorant, may be introduced into the complaint, by amendment, before issue, and the examination of witnesses; but, it seems, after that time, should be brought before the court by supple- mental complaint.' A supplemental complaint may also bring before the court a party who was out of the jurisdiction of the court, when the original bill was filed, and who has since returned, in cases where it cannot be done by amendment.' Whether or not in analogy to the Chancery practice, a supplemental com-,A Hornfager v. Hornfager, 1 C. R., N. S. 180. Story, Eq. Pi. § 363, and cases above cited. 'See § 173 Am. Code, also post, chap. ix., Amendments. 4 3 At*. 370. b 2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 60. ' Id. 3 Denio, 155. 226,[CeH. IV.
plaint will be allowed under the Code after judgment for the purpose of enabling the court to give direc- tions not prayed in the original complaint, but which the result of the proceedings under the judgment has rendered proper, or whether a supplemental com- plaint may be allowed in aid of a judgment of the court, query ?,In case of death, marriage, or other disability of a party, the court, on motion, at any time within one year thereafter, or afterwards, on a supplemental complaint, may allow the action to be continued by or against his representative, or successor in interest. In case of any other transfer of in- terest, the action shall be continued in the name of the origi- nal party; or the court may allow the person to whom the transfer is made to be substituted in the action.',This substitution is made on motion. Under the equity practice, if the interest of the defendant be- come vested in another, the defect was remedied by a supplemental bill.',A supplemental complaint should state the original complaint and the proceedings thereon; and if it be occasioned by an event subsequent to the original complaint, it should state that event and the conse- quent alteration with respect to the parties, and should demand relief against all the parties. The facts stated should be material to the matters in controversy; ,if they are not, a demurrer will lie to the supplemental complaint;' or, under the Code, perhaps the defect,'Am. Code, § 121. 'Story, Eq. PI. § 342. 'Story, Eq. PI. § 43.,227 sCw. V.]
would be reached more properly by motion to strike out, or set aside the supplemental complaint. If the original complaint is wholly defective, and there is no ground for proceeding upon it, it cannot be sus- tained by filing a supplemental complaint founded upon matters which have subsequently occurred. Yet, if the original complaint was sufficient for one kind of relief, and facts afterwards occur which en- title the plaintiff to other and more extensive relief, he may obtain it by setting out the new matter in a supplemental complaint.' Where a supplemental complaint sets up new facts it should make all the original defendants parties.' Otherwise, where it is filed merely to bring in parties.',A supplemental bill could not, under the old prac- tice, be filed without a previous order of the court, giving permission' So, too, under the Code the plaintiff is " allowed on motion" only, to make a sup- plemental complaint, and an application for leave must be made to the court.,' 1 Paige, 168, 2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 67. ' 9 Paige, 538. ' 6 John. Ch. R. 450. 4 Id. 605. ' 2 Paige, 333.,[cH. 1y. 828
CHAPTER V. OF THE ANSWER. THE only pleading on the part of the defendant is either a demurrer or an answer. It must be served within twenty days after the service of the copy of the complaint.' The nature and office of the demur- rer under the Code will be considered in a subse- quent chapter. In the present chapter we shall treat the subject of the answer to the plaintif's complaint in the following order:,1. Nature and use of the answer. 2. General and specific denial of the plaintiffs alle- gations.,3. The statement of new matter in the answer. 4. Counter claim, nature of, and when and how pleaded.,5. The verification to the answer. 6. Sham, irrelevant, and frivolous answers and de- fences.,7. The supplemental answer.,' Am. Code, § 143.,229
SECTION I. OENERAi NALTURE AND USE. OF 1AN ANSWER. The answer to the plaintiff's complaint, which the Code allows, is at, once a substitute for the plea to the declaration at law, and for the plea and answer to a bill in equity. In an action at law there were pleas to the jurisdiction, pleas in abatment, and pleas in ban'. These pleas were pleaded in the order in which they are here mentioned, and which was said to be "the natural order of pleading." Where the defendant pleaded in abatement to the disability of the person of the plaintiff to sue or the defendant to be sued, he waived his plea to the jurisdiction of the court; and where he pleaded in bar to the action he could not afterward plead in abatemen, unless for new matter arising after the commencement of the suit.2,Pleas in abatement were to some defect or error which merely defeated the present proceeding and did not show that the plaintiff was for eve concluded.' A plea in abatement was required, not only to point out specifically the error or defect, but also to show,' This plea was seldom or never used in practice. '1 Chit. Pi. 440, 441. 2 Cow. R. 417. 1 Chit. P1. 445. 230,[OR, V.
the plaintiff how such defect might be corrected, and furnish him with materials for avoiding the same mistake in another suit in regard to the same cause of action; or, in technical language, it must give the plaintiff a better writ.',A plea in bar went to the merits of the case and denied that the plaintiff had any cause of action; or, admitting that he once had, insisted that it had been determined by some subsequent matter." Such defences as heretofore were to be set up by plea to the jurisdiction, or by plea in abatement, are now, like the plea in bar, to be taken by answer where the objection does not appear on the face of the com- plaint.",It seems, however, from a late decision made at a General Term in the fifth district,' that a distinction is still recognized between an answer which goes merely in abatement, and one which is in bar of the action. An objection in the nature of a plea in abatement, if not taken in the first instance by answer, is waived by an answer upon the merits; nor can such an objection by the defendant be inserted in a general answer, in bar of the action. It was so held in the case last cited, where the answer, after setting up several matters in bar, alleged a prior action pending for the same demand. It was said, in such case, that if issue be taken upon the facts al- leged in abatement, as well as those in bar, and a general verdict be rendered against the plaintiff, it,1 Chit. P1. 446. ' Id. 469. ' Am. Code, § 147. 4 Gardiner and others v. Clark, 6 How. Pr. R. 449. 8E. I.],231
founded upon matters not affecting the merit.' A distinction was held to exist between "defences," mentioned in section 150, and ' objections," or dila- tory exceptions mentioned in sections 147 and 148. Such dilatory exceptions, or matters in abatement, as defect of parties, another action pending, plaintiff's want of legal capacity to sue, and the improper join- der of actions, should always be taken before a gen- eral defence in bar or answer on the merits. If the .case above cited is to be regarded as authority upon the point in question, (and there seems no good rea- son for doubting it,) it would follow that such an answer would be defective on demurrer, or, at all events, that a motion would be entertained to strike out the matter in abatement as irrelevant, or com- pel the defendant to elect by, which answer he would abide.,Allusion has already been made to the use of the plea in equity.' The answer, however, was the most usual method of defence to a bill in Chancery. It served a double purpose: first, that of answering the complainant's case as made by his bill; and second, that of stating to the court the nature of the defence upon which the defendant meant to rely. This is precisely the object of the answer under the Code. The defendant in the first place is called upon to deny, generally or specifically, each material allega- tion of the complaint which he intends to controvert.' He, however, need not, as under the equity practice,,' Gardiner and others v, Clark, 6 How. Pr. R. 449. ' Ante pages 34, 35. * Am. Code, 149.,MsE ANSWER.IC 282,C[n. v.
when he submits to answer, answer fully,' that is, answer the whole of the statements and charges con- tained in the complaint. But the effect of not an- swering and denying any materida allegation in the complaint is precisely the same as though it were admitted to be true.' Hie may, however, without prejudice to his case, omit to answer matters not well pleaded, as matter immaterial to the issue, inferences of law, &eC,' and such also was the rule in equity.',The second object of the answer in Chancery, as of the answer under the Code, was to state the facts upon which the defendant intended to rely in his defence; or in the language of the Code, " new mat- ter constituting a defence or counterclaim.'" A com- plainant had always a right to be apprised of the nature of the defence which the defendant intended to set up; the defendant was therefore bound to apprise him of the case or "new matter," on which he relied in his defence, in a clear and unambiguous manner-and he could not avail himselfof any matter of defence not stated in his answer.',In actions at law it was not necessary in all cases to set up affirmatively special matter, or to apprise the plaintiff specifically of the precise nature of the defence. The plea of the gewald i&s denied the whole of the facts alleged in the declaration. A special plea was necessary in setting up new matter not apparent up~o the face of the deda atwn.' But,` 3 Paige, 606, 7 id. 507. ' Am. Code, § 168, and see post, chap. viii. sec 3. ' Post, pages 244, 245. 4 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 133. Am. Code, § 149. ' I Barb. Ch. Pr. 137. ' Chit. PI. 472.,16
of debt on simple contract, not under seal, the de- fendant.was at liberty to give almost every matter in evidence, on the ground, as was said, that as the action was founded on contract, and the injy was the nonperformance of it, evidence which disaffirms the continuing oligation of the contract at the tine when the action was commenced, goes to the gist of the action.' Thus, infancy, lunacy, duress, want. or illegality of consideration, &c., might in such actions be given in evidence under the general issue; also,. such defences as admitted that there was a sufficient contract made, but that before action brought, it was discharged, released, or performed; also those which admitted that there was once a cause of action, but avoided it by subsequent matter, as accord and satisfaction-the plaintiff an insolvent debtor, &c. But a special plea, or notice with the general issue, was necessary in setting up the defence of alien enemy, tender former recovery, or judgment, for plaintiff or defendant on the same matter,' set offi and the statute of limitations.',In actions of covenant and debt, on contracts under seal, the rule was more strict, and many of the de- fences, above mentioned, were required to be specially pleaded.,There can be very little doubt that it was the in- '1 Chit. PI. 472. ' 12 John. 455. * 1 Chit. PI. 292, 2 Cow. Treat. 690, 692. But in an action of trover or assumpsit, former recovery was held admissible under the general issue. 6 Hill. 114.,[CIL v. 2834,THE ANSWEP.
tention of the Code to abolish the practice of permit- ting special defences to be set up under a general denial, as, for example, accord and satisfaction, or a release, or other matter going to show a discharge of the contract.' Indeed, it is said the general issue itself is abolished, and that every matter of defence must be specially alleged.' It was manifestly the in- tention of the Commissioners to adopt the equity rule, and to require the defendant to state the specific grounds of his defence, or discharge. They propose, they say, "that the plaintiff shall state his case ac- cording to the facts; and that the defendant shall, by his answer, point out his defence distinty."' Ac- cordingly, the provision of the Code is, that the answer must contain, in addition to a denial of each material allegation controverted by the defendant, " a statement of any new matter constituting a defence or co2unter-claim," &c.4,It was held, however, in a late case, in the Court of Appeals,' that in an action on a promissory note, an answer averring payment was not averring new matter, which it was necessary to controvert, for it was merely taking issue on a material averment in the complaint. Thus, the possession of the note by the plaintiff, was p2ima facie evidence that it was not paid, and an averment of payment was held,,See 6 How. Pr. R. 298, 1 C. R., N. S. 248, note. Fay v. Grimsteed, 10 Barb. S. C. R. But the late amend- ments have restored the general denial. See next section.,' Report of Corn. p. 141. 4 Am. Code, § 149. See post, next section. ' Giesson v. Giesson, 1 C. R., N. S. 414. S i.'L],285
mere matter in denial of a material.allegation in the complaint.* A plea of payment, however, it is to be observed, like a plea. of release, or performance, ad- mits thKt a uffiient contract was made, but avoids it by subsequent matter. Independent, therefore, of the above decision, and as an original question, it might well have been supposed that such an answer was "new matter, which the Code requried to be pleaded, and which could not be given in evidence if not dis- tinctly stated in the answer. It has been held in the Supreme Court, at Genrral Term,' that a defendant under the Code, could not give evidence of a matter of defence not set up in his answer. And in Pattison v. Taylor,' it was held in substance that facts from which the law raised the presumption of payment should be pleaded as a payment under the Code.,There are, doubtless, some matters of defence, which it is not necessary to set out specially in the answer, as matters which go to the essence of the contract, and show that no sufficient contract was in fact ever,e NOTE.-A plea of payment or performance could not be given in evidence under the general issue in an action on a contract under seal. 1 Chil. P1. 426. And query, whether, under this decision of the Court of Appeals, a general denial of the facts in a complaint, on a sealed instrument without setting up the defence of payment, would authorize the defendant to introduce evidence of payment.,Diefendorff v. Gage, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 21, per GRIDLEY, J. 'Id. 260, per HAND, J., at Special Term. The principle, In this case, of pleading a legal conclusion such as payment, instead of the facts, has been, as in the case of Dollner v. Gibson, very seri- ously questioned; and, it is doubtful, whether on principle or autho- rity, the case can be sustained. 236.
material allegation in the complaint. Thus, in- sufficiency or illegality of consideration need not in general be alleged in the answer; because the com- plaint on a contract must show on its face a cause of action on sufficient consideration, which must be proved.' A general denial of the complaint, or a specific denial of the consideration, is sufficient to put the plaintiff upon his proof.,It may well be doubted, however, whether al mat- ters which go to show that no sufficient contract was ever made, can be admitted in evidence under the general denial allowed by the Code. Thus, infancy, lunacy, or coverture, at the time of the contract, might be admitted under the general issue by the old mode of pleading. It has, however, been held in a late case at the Special Term,' that this cannot now be done; and that a "general traverse, under the Code, authorizes the introduction of no evidence on the part of a defendant, except such as tends directly to dierove some fact alleged in the comlaint."' I do not understand that the case of Giesson v. Giesson in the Court of Appeals, cited supra,' conflicts with this,* NOTE.-But query, where the law implies a consideration, and it is neither necessary in the first instance to aver nor prove one, as on a promissory note, whether the want or illegality of considera- tion, should not properly be set up in the answer, if the defendant intends to rely on it in his defence. On a sealed instrument, it is required to be done by statute. 2, R. 8; (3d ed.,) p. 604, §§ 96, 97.,Ante, pages 137, 138. 'Benedict v. Seymour, 6 How. Pr, R. 302, per Sti.nB , J. - See also 1 C. R., N. S. 363. ' Ante, page 235.,287 EO. I.],WATME AWD US 'UE OF.
role, which is certainly a safe and practical one. in its application. That case, according to the report, de- cides merely that an averment of payment is not nww matter, so as to require a reply; but that it is in substance taking an.issue upon a material allegation (non-payment) expressed or implied in the com- plaint. , The plaintiff alleges negatively that the note is not paid, the defendant affirmatively avers that it is. Hence an issue is formed. The court, however, does not say that where a party brings his suit on a promissory note, which he may do simply by giving a copy of it, and claiming so much to be due thereon,' that the defendant may interpose a general denial, and under it introduce evidence of in- fancy, accord and satisfaction, release, payment, or other-discharge, without apprising the plaintiff of the nature of the defence on which he relies.',The question whether it is admissible to set forth specially any defence which may be given in issue, under a general traverse, was also very ably discussed by JusETcE SELD;w in Benedict v. Seymour;' and the conclusion arrived at that every special defence whiich consits of matter going to dispjove any mate? l alle- gation in the comnplait, is defective, and must be stricken out on motion.' We close this section with,' This is an ,example of an affirmative traverse to a negative alle- gation.,' Am. Code, § 162. ' And see post, section 3 of this chapter. '6 How. Pr. R. 288. ' See on this subject post, see. 3 of this chaptei, entitled, Wia t matter may be leaded. 238,toH. v.
the following brief extract from the same opinion, which expresses substantially the views we have here adopted, and states very concisely and clearly what, it is believed, is the true intent of the Code in its provision on this subject:," Defeaces are divisible into two classes. 1. Those which deny some material allegation on the,part of the plaintiff 2. Those which confess and avoid those allegations, ',There can be no good defence which does not be- long to the one or the other of these classes. The Code, following the order of nature, has provided for both classes in section 149. By the common law these two kinds of defences had become more or less entangled and confused; the Code keeps them dis- tinct. I have already remarked that no defence which does not controvert any material allegation of the complaint, can be given in evidence under a gene- ral or special traverse. Every such defence, there- fore, must be pleaded specially.",The learned justice in a previops part of this opin- ion observes, that his remarks iare not intended to have any bearing upon an action which is equitabl in it nature. It is submitted, however, that the above observations, and the conclusions arrived at, are equal. ly applicable to every class of action, whether euita- ble or legal.
SEOTION II. GENERAL AND SPECOIFO DENIAL. THE Code, as amended by the Legislature of 1852, provides that the answer must contain:-,"1st. A general or specific denial of each material alle- gation of the complaint controverted by the defendant, or of any knowledge or informatidn thereof sufficient to form a belief.",The original Code was as follows:- " 1st. In respect to each allegation of the complaint con- troverted by the defendant a specific denial thereof, or of any knowledge thereof sufficient to form a belief.",The amendment of 1849 inserted the words "lgenral or," so as to read " a general or specific denial." The amendment of 1851 left out the words " general or;"a and the amendment of 1852 restored them again.,It will be unnecessary, therefore, in this place to consider the question whether a general denial was,* NOTE.-The amendment of 1851 made this clause of the sec- tion read as follows :-" A specific denial of each material allega- tion of the complaint controverted by the defendant according to his knowledge, information, or belief, or of any knowledge or informa- tion thereof sufficient to form a belief." 240,[iOH V.
proper under the Code in any case, or to notice the decisions thereon. It is now allowed expressly by enactment; and the question, if of any importance, can only be so in reference to cases occurring before the late amendment.,Generoa/ dial.-In favor of the section, as it stood requiring the denial to be specifc, it was urged, that if a general denial was allowed, it would defeat the whole policy of the Code in respect to narrowing down the issue in pleadings. It was said, that al- though the complaint was sworn to and substanially true, yet if it contained one, even the slightest, mis- statement, a defendant might deny it as a whole. A moment's examination, however, will be sufficient to demonstrate that this is not so. The answer is re- quired to contain a "general or specific denial of each material allegation," &c. An answer that " the defendant denies the plaintiff's complaint," or " denies the allegations contained in the plaintiff's complaint in manner and form as set forth therein," would be manifestly insufficient, and might be taken advantage of by demurrer.' Effect must be given to the words "each material allegation." And if the general denial or traverse is used, it should be strictly in the form, "each allegation,"' or " each and every allegation set forth in the plaintiff's complaint." This will prevent the abuse of this general form of traverse, in cases where the plaintiff verifies his complaint for the pur- pose of narrowing down the issue by obtaining from the other side an admission of those material facts about which there can be no dispute. A denial of,See post, chap. vii. sec. 3. ain,.]
single allegation in the complaint be true, the defend- ant will not be able to use this general form of travereo.,Under the ancient course of pleading in actions at law there were three descriptions of pleas in bar: 1st. The general issue. 2d. A denial of a particular allegation in the decla-,ration. 3d. A special plea of new matter not apparent upon,the face of the declaration.' The first two of these descriptions of pleas are in- cluded in that clause of the Code now under conside- ration.. The general traverse referred to is in many respects equivalent to the general isue.,Specifi denia.--This form of denial answers in some respects to the common and pecial traverae.' Thus, under the old pleadings, a party might deny any material and issuable allegation in his opponent's pleading, and this although the matter was stated with more preciseness and particularity than was necessary.' So, whateverwas necessarily .understood, intended, or implied, from the plea, was traversable as much as if it were expressly alleged.' But matter,' Chit.PI. 472. See Steph. PI. 153 to 178. The common traverse was mainly in use. It was a denial by way of express contradiction, in terms of the allegation controverted. It was usually in the negativefo:nm, as that " tie defendant never Twas indebled," &c. If, however, the allegation traversed was negative, as in the plea of the statute .of limitations, the traverse was affirmative.,' 20 John. 406. 1 Chit. PI. 610. Id. 2 Saund. 40. 66 East, 411. 1 Ld. Raymd.39.,[oE v. 242,THE ANSWEE.
could mere matter of aggravation, or mere induce- ment, or explanatory matter, not in itself essential to the substance of the case, be traversed;' nor imma- terial matter, nor a mere matter or conclusion of law.',These rules are still generally applicable under the Code. A specific denial may be made to any one material issuable allegation in the complaint, as in an action on contract, setting forth a consideration, the defendant may simply deny, if he please, and take issue upon the fact of the consideration; or the fact of the breach of the contract. He should, however, be careful in traversing one of several facts that he denies the one " most open to objection, for he admits those not expressly denied."' And by the Code every material allegation, not controverted, is, for the pur- poses of the action, taken as true.',The specific denial of one material issuable fact reduces the question in controversy to a single point, which, as it is found in favor of one party or the other, is decisive of the action, or of the plaintiff's right to recover to the extent of the particular relief dtemand- ed. So, too, under the Code, a matter necessarily impiedin the pleading may be specifically denied, and an issue raised thereon. In the case of Lord v. Chesborough,' the complaint was on a promissory note transferred to the plaintiff, and did not set out,'Saund. 312. 'Steph. P1. 284, 385. ' 1 Saund. 23, Note 5,1 Chit. PL 611. ' 12 Peters, 335. ' Am. Code, see. 168. * 1 0. R., N. 8. 322. 4 Sand. 696. sa n.],248 SPEsIEO DENIAL.
The defendants, however, traversed that fact, and the court held it was competent for themn to do so? Where the allegation is that "A. is seized," &c., it implies that he is eoZe seized, and the defendant may specially deny that he is seized alone.' So, too, in a partition suit, though the person applying for the partition must be in the actual, or constructive pos- session of an undivided share;' yet, where a bill merely alleges that the plaintiff is seized, possession is presumed or implied ;' and the defendant may tra- verse the fact of possession, and if he prove that The plaintiff is not in the actual or constructive posses- sion, or that the possession is held adversely,' the complaint must be dismissed.,The rule that an immaterial allegation should not be traversed or denied, is also applicable to the Code, and that, too, from the very language of the section under consideration. So, too, that a mere inference or conclusion of law, is not the subject of a specific denial. Nor is the prayer of the complaint travers- able inasmuch as it does not require a reply, and no issue can be taken on it.',It was, however, said in a late case,' that although the answer should properly deny material allega-,1 See also Walrod v. Bennett, 6 Barb. S. C. R. 145, and Giesson vt. Giesson, 1 O. R., N. S. 414.,Salk. 629. ' 2 Barb. Oh. R. 398. ·3 P;age, 242. ' 9 Cow. 530. ' 9 Barb. $. 0. R. 297; 5 How. Pr. B. 14. 5 How. Pr. R. 476. ' King v. Utioa Ins. Co.; 6 How. Pr. R. 4856,pet HAND, J.,.[O v. 44,THE ANsWEB.
tions only, yet, if the opposite pleading set up an immaterial allegation in a traversable form, there is no rule of pleading which can prevent the other party from denying its truth, or which requires the court to strike out that denial. The party making an im- material allegation, should not complain, if issue is taken upon it. If such issues, however, encumber the record, or are calculated to embarrass the trial, the court would no doubt strike them out and reform the pleadings on motion of either party, or on its own motion at the trial.,It is to be observed further, that the plaintiff may traverse or deny as many material allegations in the complaint as he pleases, that is as many as he desires to controvert, and leave the rest unanswered,' the neg- lect to answer being in effect an admission of such allegations. But the omission. to answer an im- material matter or a conclusion of law, or anything not properly in the complaint, is not an admission thereof, and cannot prejudice the defendant on the trial.',Denial on iformation and belioef.-The amendment to the Code of 1849, permitted a defendant to deny each allegation of the complaint "'acco rding to his i- formation and belief, or of any knowledge thereof sufficient to form a belief; and the amendment of 1851, "according to his knowledge, information, or belief, or of any knowledge or information thereof sufficient to form a belief.",Under the Code of 1849, it was held that an answer, verified, denying an allegation, on beief only,,'3 C. R. 176; 4 How. Pr. R. 155.,24t~ 6 How. Pr. R. 485.
said that an answer, alleging that " the defendant is ignorant of whether," &c., was insufficient.' The amendment of 1852 seems to have brought back the practice, in this respect, substantially to what it was under the original Code and the former equity system.' If the fact charged is within the defendant's personal knowledge, he must answer positively, and not to his remembrance or belief;' and as to facts not within his personal knowledge, he must deny any knowledge thereof sufficient to form a belief.',A denial to the effect that the defendant is ignor- ant of the facts contained in the answer, and has not sufficient knowledge thereof to form a belief, was held sufficient at General Term in the 4th District, in Doremus v. Lewis,' overruling the decision on the same point at Special Term. It was considered not necessary in addition, to "controvert" specifically the allegations. This principle, held with respect to the reply, is equally applicable to the answer. But a fact which is presumptively within the knowledge of the defendant, must be denied positively, and not on information sufficient to form a belief, as in Richard- son v. Wilton,' where such an answer was struck out as sham and frivolous in an action of assault, charging the defendant with a particular assault.' An answer that the defendant has no knowledge or information of certain facts, except from documents which are not made part of the answer, and the substance of which,'4 Hcw. Pr. R. 155, per PARKER J. ' 3 C. R. 162. 'The language is, ".of any knowledge or information tkereof sufient to form a bcief.",'6 How. Pr. R. 355. 1 John. Ch. R. 108. 8 Barb. S- C. R. 124. ' 4 Sand. 708. See also 1 C. R., N. S. § 204. Id. 225.,[or v. 246,THE ANSWE.
answer as to his information, and is not excused therefrom by alleging that he has no knowledge ex- oept what is derived from the allegations of the bill.' And in a late case in equity, it was held that an answer of the defendant that he does not know, or believe the fact charged, is insufficient. He must answer as to his information.' Where the defendant has no knowledge or information as to any of the facts charged in the complaint, or no knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief, he may so state generally without answering each allegation sepa- rately, and put the whole matter in issue by the gene- ral traverse.4 And so also, if he desires to take issue upon any one or more material allegations in the complaint, leaving the residue unanswered; it may be done under the allegation that he has not " know- ledge or information tlereof uffiient to form a belief."' If, not in this form, the denial must be positive, in order to put the allegation in issue.',An answer denying that the defendant has " suffi- cient knowledge or information to form a belief as to whether the plaintiff is now the lawful owner and holder" of a promissory note, as was alleged in the complaint, forms an issue which requires the plaintiff to prove his ownership of the note on the trial, and such an allegation cannot be stricken out as frivolous.',3 Paige 186. ' Tradesman's Bank v. Hyatt, 2 Edw. 195. 'Robinson v. .Woodgate, 3 Edw. 422. 4 3 Paige, 210. ' Am. Code 1852, § 149, 5 How. Pr. R. 321. 6 Id. 321, 329. Id. ' Temple v. Murray and Ely, 6 How. Pr. R. 329, per CRIPPRN, J. so. I.],247 SPECM0 DIUM1.BZ
plaintiff holds the affirmative, and which gives the defendant on the trial all the benefit of introducing proof which he would have on a positive denial,* and this, too, whether the answer is verified or not.',An allegation in an answer that the facts are true as this defendant has been informed and believes, " is equivalent to an averment on informatiom and belief."',Denial generally.-It is not always sufficient to answer the charges literally, but the substance should be traversed, or confessed and avoided positively and with certainty.' As a general rule, where the charge in the complaint embraces several particulars, the answer should be in the disjunctive, denying eack7 particular, or admitting some and denying others, according to the fact.'X So held under the Code, where in a complaint it was alleged that the defend-,* NOTE.-The contrary is stated by Mr. Monell in the first edition of his " Practice." The defendant on such an allegation, he says, leaves the ease with the plaintiff, and is estopped from ex- amining witnesses to disprove it. He must not only aver that he has not " sufficient knowledge," &c., but must accompany such averment with a denial, in order to introduce evidence to disprove the allegation.-Monell Pr. 146, 7. This practice, however, is manifestly incorrect; and it has so been expressly held in Snyder v. White, 6 How. 321. JUSTICE WELLES, in that case, says of such an issue, " that the party thus pleading would have all the benefit upon the trial, and the same right to introduce evidence, that he would have in ease the fact had been directly and positively denied; otherwise, it seems, there would be no use or meaning in the section giving this form of denial.",Snyder v. White, 6 How. Pr. R. 321; also 5 How. Pr. R. 321. Fry v. Bennett, 1 C. R. N. S. 238. 1 John. Ch. R. 103. '2 Paige, 105. 11 Id. 235. / , ,,, i , /.~.-, , A.';,/ '. i, , , . : . / i 248,[C v. TtE BA3WEM.
ant " assaulted the plaintiff and seized him by the collar and shook him violently ;" the answer denied that the defendant did " assault the plaintiff and seize him by the collar and shake hin violently." This was held bad on demurrer; the denial in the case should have been of each charge disjunctively, if the defendant intended to put the whole of them in issue.',A denial must not be to the manner and form, but to the s&stance of the allegation. Hence, it is not enough to say, that a particular allegation of the complaint is not true in manner and form as therein stated, but that it is not true in any manner or form, or in any of its particulars, as for example, that the defendant did not on such a day, or on any other day, promise to pay the plaintiff such a sum, or any other sum.' It is also said to be improper to eipres@ ea admission under the Code.' If the defendant intend to admit the truth of the allegation he should simply refrain from answering it at all. Such an allegation is thereupon by the Code, and according to the equity rule, deemed admitted.' I do not think, however, that an express admission of the truth of the allegation would, in general, be such a defect as would subject the defendant to the cost of a motion to correct the pleading.,In an action to recover land where the plaintiffs claim the lawful title, this is an allegation which the defendant is bound to deny if he means to put,Hopkins v. Everett, 3 C. R. 150, 6 How. 159, per BARCULO J ' Monell's Pr. (2d ed.) p. 364. 1 C. R. 91. ' Monell's Pr. (2d ed.) p. 364. § 16 3 Am. Code, 8 Paige 88.,17,249
controvert the allegation in express words, or to set out the existence of facts, which, if true, would show that the plaintiffs had no. title. So held at General Term in the 2d district.',An affirmation in an answer that a defendant "does not recollect" having done an act, is not tanta- mount to a direct and unequivocal denial, nor to a declaration that he did not believe that he did it.' If the defendant answers that he has not any know- ledge or information (sufficient to form a belief,) of the fact charged, he is not bound to declare his belief one way or the other;' and if he answers that he is " utterly and entirely ignorant" of the fact, it is sus- ficient.',An answer which evades the facts charged, is de- fective, and no issue can be raised by it.' Such an answer, however, cannot be treated as a nullity if regularly put in.' Under the original Code, which made no provision for a demurrer to an answer, or for striking out irrelevant answers and defences, it was said that where an answer did not present a ma- terial issue, the plaintiff should move for leave to proceed as if there had been no answer.' The Code, however, has now made specific provision in such cases.' Where a denial is defective and does not,'Corwin v.'Corwin, 9 Barb. S. C. R. 219, per BARCULO, J. See also preceding section.,' Dana, 56. See also 6 How. Pr. R. 355. 3 John. Oh. R. 297. - ' Id. 4 Haywood, 292. ' Hartness v. Bennet, 3 How. Pr. R. 288. Corning v. Haight, 1 C. B. 72. Post, see. vi. Frivolous defences, &o.,[OH. V. 250,X THE ANSWER.
be controverted, the plaintiff may object to the defect by demurrer.' But in a late case at special term the contrary of this has been held by MAsoN J., and the rule is laid down that a demurrer will not lie to mat- ter in an answer which does not require a reply.',After a reply to an insufficient answer, the plaintiff may move for judgment, as for default of an answer.' And generally where an answer is in&ufiient, that is, where admitting it to be true, the plaintiff is still entitled to recover, it seems the plaintiff may apply for judgment on the ground of the insufficiency of the answer ; but it is said the answer must be pal- pably i.nsuffient, otherwise the objection should be taken by demurrer.',Hopkins v. Everett, 6 How. Pr. R. 159. 3 C. R. 150. ' 7 How. Pr. R. 9 ; but see post, chap. vii. sec. 3. a Stokes v. Hagar, 1 C. R. 84. 6 How. Pr. R. 321. But see 2 C. R. 33. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 355, and see post, see. vi.,251 s0o. n.],BPEOIFMO DENAL.
SEfION Il. STATFMENT OF NEW MATMI B TN THE ANSWER. In addition to the general or specific denial re. quired by the Code, the answer must also contain, if necessary to the defendant's defence:,2. A statement of any new matter constituting a defence or counterclaim in ordinary and concise language, without repetition.',This provision is not substantially different from the original Code, or the Code as amended in 1849 and 1851, except in the introduction of the word "counterclaim" in place of the words "set off" in- serted in the section by the amendment of 1852.*,In treating the subject of the defendant's answer, in respect to the statement of new matter, I shall adopt substantially the course taken in the preceding chap- ter, treating of the complaint. The statement of new matter, and particularly of the counterclaim, on the,Sub. 2, see. 149, as amended 1851. NOTE.--The subdilision of this section, as amended in 1851, read as follows:,2. A plain and concise statement of any new matter constituting a defence or set-off withot unnecessary reetition.,The words " or set-off" were not found in the original Code, or in the amendment of 1849.,[C V. 252
part of the defendant, is, in most respects, analogous to the statement by the plaintiff of his cause of ac- tion. The one is the allegation by the party demand- ing relief; the other is the allegation by the party defending, or claiming on his side such affirmative relief as may be properly administered in the same action. Many of the general rules of pleading, there- fore, both those provided by the Code and those adopted from the old system, are equally applicable to the statement of the defendant's defence, as to the plaintiff's cause of action; and it will only be neces- sary, therefore, to refer to what was said on these subjects in the previous part of this work.,let. What matters mnut be a'eged by the defendant. -In a previous section' the question was briefly con- sidered whether, under the Code, it was necessary to set up in the answer, as new matter, any thing which merely goes to show that no sufficient cause of action ever existed; as, in an action on contract that the defendant was a married woman, and could not, there- fore, make a valid contract, or that the contract was void for illegality, &c., and the conclusion arrived at in the case of Benedict v. Seymour,' 'adopted, namely: that a defence which goes diecty to controvert or disprove any matelra2 allegation of the complaint, may be given in evidence under a general or special traverse, and should be so pleaded; every other de- fence must be specially pleaded as new matter. And there seems to be no difference whether the material allegation is actually averred in the complaint, or,' Section 1, chap. v.,ante, pages 233 to 239. '6 How. Pr. R. 298.,268
whether it is such as is necessarily pied.' The implied allegation, if material, may be denied, and matters merely going to controvert or disprove it, should be so pleaded.,The correct application of the rule, however, is not, it must be confessed, free from difficulty. Thus, what is an impied mterial averment in a complaint ? That the plaintiff is the lawful holder and owner of a promissory note is, it has been said, a conclusion of law;' and yet, in another case, such an allegation was held to be traversable.' The ownership of the note by the plaintiff is a material fact to enable him to recover under the Code, because every action must be brought in the name of the real pa'ty in interest. Suppose, to a complaint either alleging this material fact, or leaving it implied, the defendant denies gene- rally that the plaintiff is the owner of the note. This, of course, will put the plaintiff to the.proof of it; but would the defendant be permitted, after the plain- tiffhad pima faci established it, 4n disprove the fact, by showing the ownership in . or C., without having alleged such ownership , , matter in his answer ? It was held in Russel pp' that an an- swer alleging generally that the plaiuiff was not the real party in interest, without stating the facts going to show that some person other than the plaintiff was the real party in interest, was bad on demurrer. And in McMurray v. Thomas,' it was said that an answer alleging fraud, generally, without setting forth,'See 1 C. R., N. S. 414, Id. 322, ante, page 242. ' 7 L. 0. 150. ' 6 How. Pr. B. 329, and eases supra. '7 Barb. L. a. B., 482. 4 How. 346, per HARRIS, J. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 14, per WILLARD,J. 254,[CO V.
PAGINATION,INCORRECT
the facts showing in what the fraud consists, or that the contract was without consideration and void, was bad.,The first of these cases was an action on a judg- ment recovered by the plaintiff against the defendant in another state. The defence was that, at the time of the action, the plaintiff did nut own the judgment. The ownership, or interest of the plaintiff being a mat7ritlfact to his right of recovery, if not set out in terms in the complaint, was necessarily implied from the fact that the judgment sued on was in the name of the plaintiff and I am not able to see any sufficient reason why, within the rule laid down in Giesson v. Giesson, in the Court of Appeals, and other cases cited above, a specific denial of this material fact was not sufficient to put it in issue. The question as to the admissibility of evidence on such an issue might perhaps depend upon other considerations. The judgment itself, in the name of the plaintiff would no doubt have been on his side, prini facie evidence of his ownership. That being established, I do not see why the defendant might not be permit- ted to contradict or disprove this fact by proper evi- dence on the triaL*,e NoTE.-In a note to the case of Fry v. Bennett, 1 C. R., N. 6. 244, the following ease is given, which seems to illustrate the subject now under consideration. " The case of an action on a promissory note seems to afford an apt illustration of our view of the subject. There, on proof of the making, the consideration of the making is presumed; but if the defendant prove enough to rebut the presump- tion of consideration, then the plaintiff must prove consideration or he cannot recover.",25:
Take the case of an action of trespass to lands. The plaintiff states that the defendant broke and en- tered his close.. The defendant generally denies. This is sufficient to put the right of the plaintiff to sue in issue. It is maintained on the part of the plaintiff by simply showingpossession; the defend- ant may controvert this evidence by showing the plaintiff not in possession, but if he wishes to show title out of the plaintiff, he cannot give It in evidence without pleading it specially. So, in an action for damages for converting personal property, the plain- tiff might allege generally that he was possessed of the property, and need not set out the facts which, when proved, would enable the court to say, as mat- ter of law, that he had such a property, (general or special) with possession, or right to possession, suffi- cient to maintain the action. Upon a general or spe- Cific denial the plaintift however, in order to recover, must prove, and the defendant might disprove, the plaintiff's property, and possession or light of pos- session. The allegation, therefore, was a material and traversable fact, and, though the aqestion of property, and particularly the right of possession where there was no actual possession, might be a conclusion of law to be derived from other facts, yet it was never necessary for the plaintiff t'o set forth, or the defend- ant directly to traverse, such facts, bat they might be proved on the one side and disproved on the other, under the general issue.,It is said that in an action on contract the promise of the defendant is the ground of the action. But an implied promise need not be set out in the complaint.',Ante, pages 156 to 159. 256
If in action on contract, the defendant in his answer allege that he did not promise, is this a material fact controverted by the answer, and if so, can the defendant give evidence tending to show that the promise was void in law, and not binding upon him? Under the old practice, as we have seen, in an action on simple contract, the defendant might plead the general issue, and give in evidence, infancy, duress, lunacy, that the form of the contract was in- sufficient under the statute of frauds,' and any other fact going to show that no sufficient contract was in fact made; but does this rule apply under the Code?,Within the principle laid down, that whatever goes directly to controvert or disprove a material allega- tion in the plaintiff's complaint may be given in evidence under a general or specific denial of such al- legation, it is presumed, that any fact going to show the contract actually void may be given in evidence under such a denial. Thus, for example, a contract for the sale of lands, unless in writing, is void by the statute of frauds.' In an action on such a contract the defendant may deny generally the plaintiff's complaint, or specifically the fact that he entered into such a contract, and if it appear on the trial that the contract was not in writing, the plaintiff cannot recover. So, too, if one enters into a contract through fear of threats, or undue and illegal force be used, the contract is absolutely void, and it is no doubt competent for the defendant to show the fact under a general or specific denial, without setting up,' Ante, page 234.,'2R.S. 69, 6. SEO. m.],257
tract of an infant or lunatic, however, is not absolutely void, but voidable, merely. He is bound to pay for necessaries for himself and family.' An infant may also bind himself by a renewal of his promise, on coming of age.' It will in all cases, therefore, be proper, if not absolutely necessary, if the defendant mean to rely upon infancy, lunacy, or any other fact going to show that the contract is voidable, to allege it in his answer as "new matter," by way of appri- sing the plaintiff of the exact nature of his defence.,Fraud in the execution of an agreement, whether by parol, or under seal, renders it void, as where one agreement is fraudulently substituted for another, or fraudulently misread. So also, all contracts made with a view to settle or compound criminal prosecu- tions; and, generally all contracts, the consideration of which is illegal. The facts constituting the fraud, or the illegality of the consideration, or other mat- ters going to show the contract, or alleged cause of action, void in its imelCtion, may, in all cases, be pro- perly alleged as new matter in the answer. But it is thought, too, that such facts under a general denial, may be given in evidence to disprove or controvert the material allegation in the plaintiff's complaint, that such a contract was made, or was made upon a sufficient consideration, &c., &c. The rule, however, should be strictly held to appiy only as between the original parties to the transaction. Where the contract, or cause of action, has been assigned, the defendant,As to failure of consideration, see ante, page 237. Kent. Cor. (3d. Ed.) 239. ' Id.,c[O. V. 258,THE ANSWER.
should never be permitted to defeat the plaintiff's claim on the ground that the contract was originally void, without apprising him specifically of the facts on which he relies to establish such a defence.,The case of McMurray v. Thomas,' supra, does not, it is believed, really establish any different rule from that above stated, although it was said in that case, that an answer setting up generally fraud in the con- tract was bad on demurrer. The answer, however, was held bad for another reason; namely, because it was Aypothetical. The complaint, which was on a promis- sory note, contained all the necessary allegations to establish a cause of action. The answer, first, merely denied being indebted to the plaintiffs, which was held bad as a conclusion of law; and, econd, alleged gene- rally that if the plaintiffs were the holders and own- ers of the note, the same was obtained from the de- fendant by fraud, and was without consideration and void, which was bad as a hypothetical answer. There was no genera denial of the facts stated in the com- plaint, and no vsecfic denial that the note was made and executed by the defendant upon a valid con- sideration. The question, therefore, was not raised whether, if the defendant had, by his answer, directly denied that he made such a contract as was alleged in the complaint, evidence to show the pretended con- tract absolutely void, for fraud, might not be ad- missible.,In the case of a note void by the statute for usury, the rule it seems is different. The defendant, it has been held, cannot give evidence of usury on the,5 How. Pr. B. 14.,259
trial, unless his answer sets up the terms of the iuu. rious contract, and the quantum of usurious interest;' such also was the rule under the former practice in equity.' The reason is given that such strictness should be required in this, " inasmuch as the effect of such pleading, if sustained, is to et aside te entire contract, and to deprive the party lending the money of even the money lent."',In respect to those defences which admit that there was a sufficient contract, or a cause of action, but avoid it by subsequent matter, or show that the cause of action has been,discharged, they should always, in order to entitle the defendant to give evidence of his defence, be specially alleged in his answer. Thus in an action arising on contract, all matters which admit thata suficient contract was made, or that there was once a cause of action, but avoid it by subsequent matter, as release, paroldischarge, alteration in terms of contract by consent, non-performance by the plaintiff of a condition precedent,' contract become illegal or impossible to perform, insolvent discharge of defendant, accord and satisfaction, tender, arbi- trament, former recovery or trial and judgment on the same demand, higher security given, statute of limitations,' set-off or counter-claim of any descrip-,'Fay v. Grimstead, 10 Barb. S. C. R., 321, Gould v. Homer, 1 C. R., N. S. 356.,' 4 Paige, 526. ' Gould v. Homer, 1 0. R., N. S. 356, per MIiTCHELI, J. 4 But see § 162 Am. Code as to pleading conditions preoedent. ' § 74 Am. Code. 2MO,[O v.
tion,1 payment,' performance. Also, in an action for a wrong or injury, all matters which admit the commission, but justify or ewocse tl act, such as in trespass, distress for doing damage, license, right of way, inevitable necessity, title in third person or de- fendant; also all matters showing a discharge of the action, such as accord and satisfaction, former recov- ery, tender of amends for casual trespass, release, statute of limitations, &c., &c. ; also in actions either on contract or for wrongs, that the plaintiff has not legal capacity to sue, that the court has no jurisdic- tion,' that there is another action pending between the same parties for the same cause, and that there is a defect of parties, plaintiff or defendant, whenever any of these facts do not appear on the face of the complaint.',It is to be particularly observed that, although under the old system, many of the above defences might be given in evidence under the general issue, as could also, in an action on simple contract, the de- fences of'infancy, lunacy, coverture, insufficiency of consideration, duress, the statute of frauds, &c., &c., yet, as a general rule, the defendant had his election to plead them specially, or give them in evidence under the general issue, and although a defendant should plead specially that which amounted to the general issue, the defect was a mere matter of form,,' See next section. ' 8 Barb. S. C. R. 250. But see 1 0. R., N. S. 414. ' Cow. Treat., pages 690 to 698. But the question of jurisdiction may at any time be raised, and is not waived by a neglect to set it up in the answer.,I Am. Codo, §§ 144, 147. SEA m.],261
and could be taken advantage of only by special de. murrer.' Therefore, there can be no objection under the Code to set forth specially each of these defences, even though as to some of them there might not be any absolute necessity of doing so. And it is always advisable to do so rather than encounter the risk of being obliged to amend on the trial in order to intro- duce the proper evidence. Thus in an action where the complaint alleged an exress promise, supported by the consideration of a prior moral obligation, I do not doubt but, under a peci.fc denial of the promiee, it would be competent in an action between the original parties to the contract, for a defendant to show that the promise was extorted by threats of bodily harm; yet, at the same time, it might be proper as well as prudent to allege specially the fact as new matter; and so in other cases.,I do not understand that there is now any difference in the rules which should apply, as to the mode of the statement of new matter of defence, between actions which heretofore were classed as equitable, and those classed as legal. In the former class of actions, the defendant was bound to apprise the com- plainant of the nature of the case he intended to avail himself of by way of defence; and the complainant had a right to be informed by the answer, not only of the facts to be proved, but of the use intended to be made of them, and of the nature of the conclusions intended to be drawn.' But this did not extend to conclusions of law; nor could he, in his answer, state,'2 Cow. Treat. 700, Gr'ah. Pr. 237. ' 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 137. 262,[o v.
arguments, but must confine himself to facts.' And the defendant could not avail himself of any matter of defence not stated in his answer, even though it should appear in his evidence.',These principles seem to be still recognized and acted on by the courts. Thus, in Diefendorff v. Gage,' it was held, that a defendant could not give evidence of a matter of defence not set up in his answer. Under an allegation that the property was " very poor and of very little value," the defendant was not suffered to prove that it was worth nothing at all; it being held, in order to admit the defence of a fraudulent representation of the article, or a breach of warranty, under the Code, in an action for the price, such defence must be set up with proper aver- ments in the answer. Nor is it enough for a defend- ant to spread out certain portions of what may be the evidence in the cause, and rely upon that as an answer.' In an action to recover land, if the defendant wishes to put the title in issue, he must deny the allegation that the plaintiffs have the lawful title, or are seized, &c., in express words; it seems, however, he may set out the existence of facts which, if true, would show that the plaintiffs had no title; but by omitting to put the title in issue by a general or specific denial, he takes upon himself the burden of stating facts in his answer sufficient to show that the plaintiff has no title.',' Id., Story Eq. P1. § 852, Cooper Eq. P1. 313. 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 137. '7 Barb. S. C. R. 18, Jefferson General Term. 8 Barb. S. C. R. 250. Id. 219. 6 Corwin v. Corwin, 9 Barb. S. C. R. 219.,263
nected with the defence set up, cannot be given in evidence unless pleaded. Thus, in an action on a covenant against the assignee of a lessee for rent, the defendant, under a denial of the execution of the lease and of the assignment to him, can set up no other defence, and will not on the trial be permitted to prove that before the rent became due he assigned all his interest to a third person who entered into posses- sion, and was in possession when the rent became due.',On a mere general denial, or specific denial, it seems the defendant cannot give evidence going to show a misjoinder or defect of parties. In an action by two or more persons for damages to personal pro- perty, the allegation in the answer that the plaintiffi are not the joint owners of the goods, it seems is " new matter" within the meaning of the Code.' In an action or contract against several defendants, alleged to be partners in business, an answer by one defend- ant that he " never was a co-partner," forms a suffi- cient issue.',Inan action for libel or slander.-The Code pro- vides that the defendant in his answer may " allege both the truth of the matter charged as defamatory, and any' mitigating circumstances, to reduce the amount of damages; and whether he prove the justi- fication or not, he may give in evidence the mitigating circumstance."',' Kettlelas v. Maybee, 1 C. R. N. 363, N. Y. General Term. Walrod v. Bennet, 6 Barb. S. C. R. 145. a Corning v. Haight, 1 C. R. 72. Am. Code, § 165. 264,[OH. V. THE ANTiSM
This section makes one essential change in the rules of pleading and evidence in actions of slander and libel, namely, that where the defendant alleges the truth of the defamatory charges, or justifies the speaking or publication, he may also allege and prove circumstances in mitigation of damages; but the matters pleaded in mitigation must be such only as can properly be given in evidence for that purpose, and such matters cannot be set up where the answer denies the speaking of the words.' If ajustification is pleaded the answer must contain an admission of the speaking of the words.' It is said, however, that the defendant, by separate answers, may first, deny the speaking or publishing, and secondly, admit and justify.' An answer setting up a justification must contain a statement of the facts constituting this de- fence. It is not sufficient to allege merely that the words are true, but the defendant must state such facts as will show the plaintiff guilty of the offence imputed to him.',An answer in slander, as in any other case, must either deny or traverse all the material facts alleged in the complaint, or it must confess and avoid them.' It should be certain, direct, and positive, and must state facts and not arguments, and must not be hypo- thetical or in the alternative.' An issue cannot be,'Graham v. Stone, 6 How. Pr. R. 15. 'Brown v. Orvis, id. 376. ' Buddington v. Davis, id. 401. 'Anonymous, 3 How. Pr. R. 406. Sayles v. Wooden, 6 id. 84. Anible v. Hunter, 6 id. 255. Fry v. Bennett, 1 C. R., N. S. 238.,Buddington v. Davis, 6 How. Pr. R. 401. Id. Lewis v. Kendall, 6 How. Pr. R. 59.,18 seo. m.],265
taken by answer on a mere inuendo or explanation to the meaning of the words published or spoken. If the inuendo is not confined to mere explanation, but materially enlarges the sense of the words, the proper course is to demur.' Nor are allegations in the com- plaint relative to the motive and intent of the de- fendant in publishing a libel traversable; but matter of inducement, when necessary to be proved in order to sustain the action, becomes material, and an issue may be raised thereon by answer.',Where circumstances are inserted in the answer which it is intended to offer in mitigation, and not in justification, it should appear by some appropriate averment that such circumstances will be offered in mitigation only.' Any mitigating circumstances may be alleged with a justification in defence which the defendant will be allowed to prove on the trial; but allegations which he will not be allowed to prove, will be stricken out as irrelevant.',It is held in an anonymous case at special term,' that under a general denial in an action of slander, the defendant cannot give evidence of the plaintiff's bad character. It does not appear from the brief note of that case, as reported, upon what ground the decision was put. II Graham v. Stone,' JUSTICE JOIHNSON held the rule to be that the defendant had no right to allege in his answer any .zitigatlng circvm.stances, where he did not also justify or allege the truth of,'Fry v. Bennctt, 1 0. R., N. S. 238, per DUER, J. 'Id. ' Id. ' Brown v. Orvis, 6 Her Pr. R. 376. 6 How. Pr. R. 160 AT ., J. ' Id. 15.
the matters charged as defamatory. In that case, he remarks: " Where the speaking of the words is denied, any such allegation in the answer is unnecessary. The evidence may be given the same as formerly under. the general issue, and the pleadings ought not to be encumbered with such unnecessary details. It is proper here to notice an error into which the defend- ant's attorney, in common with many others of the profession, has fallen in regard to the character of the mitigating circumstances which a defendant is author- ized to allege in his answer by § 165. It has been supposed that the terms, 'any mitigating circum- stances to reduce the amount of damages' in this section, conferred the right upon the defendant to allege anything and everything he might deem proper, in excuse or palliation of the offence charged, without reference to the previous well established rules of law, as to what might, and what might not be proved in mitigation of damages. This error can- not be too soon corrected. The section in question is liable to no such construction," &c. Any mitigating circumstances were held to mean circumstances, which the weoe established rules of law allow as evidence in mitigation of damages, and nothing more. In that case the answer cclntained a denial of the speaking of the slanderous words, and there was no justifica- tion set up; but the defendant alleged by way of mitigation, certain scandalous reports concerning the plaintiff in the neighborhood, &c. The answer was held bad on demurrer.,The same doctrine has since been approved in Bud- dington v. Davis,1 in Brown v. Orvis,2 and in two,'6 How. Pi'. R. 401. 6 Id. 376. sEC. m.],267
cases in the Superior Court of New York; namely, that unless the defendant admits and justifies, he cannot plead new matter in mitigation, but may give it in evidence under his denial.' It was also held in that court, that where the defendant admits the truth of the words, and sets up matter in mitigation, such matter is not a defence to the action within the meaning of § 168 of the Code, nor is it the proper subject of a demurrer or reply.',If the defence relied on is priilege, the answer may set up the facts going to establish the legal conclusion that the words are privileged. If they are privileged only on the ground that certain events happened, the happen of tLs 2 events must be sufficiently alleged in the auo.'er L, order to enable cthe lefend.nt tn avail himself of such priv :ee. It L-s beenp n :'- ted that an answer cknying malice is now the proper mode of setting up the defence of privilege.' Pnt this does not accord with the theory of pleading the facts, and not legal conclusions and inferences drawn from the facts. If the matters alleged as libellous are absolutely privileged no action will lie, however malicious or unfounded the charge may be; and in such action it is unnecessary for the defendant to deny malice.' If the defendant, therefore, set up his de- fence of privilege, under a mere denial of malice, it would be pleading a legal conclusion and not the,X Schneider v. Shultz. Meyer v. Shultz, 4 Sand. 664'. Newman v. Otto, 4 id. 668. Fry v. Bennett, 1 C. R., N. S. 238. 'See note to Fry v. Bennett, 1 0. R.,N. S. 244. Garr v. Selden, 4 Corns. 91. 268
facts of his defence, which, as we have elsewhere con- sidered, is contrary to the spirit and intent of the rules of pleading adopted bythe Code. The defence of privilege was formerly allowable under the plea of the general issue; and I can see no good reason why, under the general denial now permitted by the Code, such a defence could not be interposed. Or if the complaint be verified, and the defendant cannot deny the publication, he may admit it, and set up the facts showing his privilege as a justification. Express malice, it is said, need not now be alleged in a com- plaint, even when necessary to be shown on the trial;' nor need the defendant, when he justifies, set up want of malice in his answer, but he may do so if he choose. If it appear on the trial that the publication was made on a just occasion, the plaintiff must prove malice, or facts from which malice is inferred as a conclusion of law, and this proof the defendant may rebut by proper evidence on his part.' And see further on the subject of the defence of privilege in actions of sa nder, and proof of malice, the late cases of Howard v. Sexton, 4 Coms. 157. Cook v. Hill, 3 Sand. 341. Si i ley v. Webb, 4. id. 21. Snyder v. Andrews, 6,.Srb. S. C. R. 43. Judgments and conditions precedent.-By the Code, the judgment of a court of inferior jurisdiction may be stated in the complaint to have been duly given or made in general terms. So also may the performance of conditions precedent in a contract.' The defendant in his answer may controvert and deny,' Purdy v. Carpenter, 6 How. Pr. R. 366, per BARCULO, J. 'Id. ' See ante, pages 162, 163.,269 sEC. m.]
the Code.' On such issue the p,-i,;;,- :i :.i: g the judgment is bound to establish on t: e ! - i oe facts conferring jurisdiction, and the def*e..: :: . .ndoubt- edly may disprove all or any of such factia i;y any com- petent testimony. So too, the party pleading the performance of the conditions precedent must estab- lish the facts showing such performance, and the de- fendant under the issue thus formed, is at liberty to controvert and disprove them.,Property distrained for damage.-The Code pro- vide; that in an action to recover the possession of property distrained doing damage, an answer that the defendant or person by whose command he acted, was lawfully possessed of the real property upon which the distress was made, and that the property distrained, was, at the time, doin:r damage thereon; shall be good, without setting forth the title to such property.' This is nothing more than a re-enactment of the statute relative to a plea by the defendant in such cases in an action of replevin.' The facts of the lawful possession of the real property by the defend- ant, and that the chattels distrained were doing damage, constitute new matter, which must be alleged by the defendant in his answer, in order to entitle him to give evidence thereof; but such alle- gation may be in general terms, and the facts going to establish the title may be proved on the trial. In other actions of trespass, &c., if the defendant justi- fies under title, right of way, &c., he should, it seems,,'Am. Code, §§ 161, 162. ' Am. Code, § 166. * 2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 617, § 42.,[Cl. v. 270,THE ANBIBWE.
plead specially the facts going to establish the title, &c., in order to introduce evidence thereof on the trial. This is in accordance with the general rule in actions at law, that the pleadings must show title.' It was sufficient to state a seizure in fee simple in general terms, that is, that the party " is seized in fee of a certain farm of land," &c. But in pleading a particular estate, such as an estate for life, for years, or at will, it was necessary to show the commence- ment of the estate, and the derivation of title from the last seizure in fee simple.,W7en statement of new matte' sfficient.-The an- swer may admit one or more facts in the complaint, deny others, and allege new matter as to the residue to defeat the plaintiff's recovery. But the facts ad- mitted must not of themselves be sufficient to author- ize the plaintiff to recover, otherwise he will be en- titled at once to judgment.' We have already con- sidered briefly the description and nature of the new matter, which the Code requires specifically to be set up in the answer in order to be given in evidence on the trial; it remains under this head only to notice one or two general rules in respect to the sufficiency of the statement of new matter in the answer. And first; an answer seeking to avoid the complaint by sew matter, should confess directly, or by implication, that, but for the matter of avoidance contained in it, the action could be maintained.',An answer to be good by the settled principle of pleadings, as modified by the Code, must state the,'Steph. PI. 306 to 328. ' Genesee Mutual Ins. Co. v. Moynihen, 5 How. Pr. R. 321. ' 2 Wend. 96, 5 How. Pr. R. 14, 6 id. 402. SEC. u.L],271
facts constituting a legal ground of defence. These should be set forth in a plain, direct, definite, certain, and traversable manner; and though each defence must be stated separately, yet any number of facts constituting together but one proposition, or a single defence, may be alleged as such.' The general nature and requisites of the answer under the Code, are very clearly defined by JusTIcE HA.BRI, in the late case of Buddington v. Davis.'," What now is a good answer would before have constituted a good plea in bar. Each, the answer as well as the plea in bar, must present matter which furnishes a conclusive answer tb the cause of action alleged in the complaint or declaration.' A plea in bar must either deny the facts stated in the declara- tion, or it must confess and avoid them. So, under the present practice, the answer must either con- trovert some allegation material to the cause of action, or state some new matter, which, admitting the alle- gations of the complaint to be true, will constitute a defence. In other words, it must traverse or deny the matter of the complaint, or it must confess and avoid it. In the latter class of pleadings, whether under the Code, or at common law, confession is an element as essential as avoidance. There must be an express or implied admission that the allegations constituting the cause of action are true, with a statement of mat- ter which destroys their effect." Accordingly, it was,Boyce v. Brown, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 80. '6 How. Pr. R. 401. 'Except in caau where a partial defence, stch as reconlpment or set off, is allowed by the Code to be set up by way of answer. 272,[C. v.
held in that case th.at an answer in an action for libel, which set up that if the defendant i*ned or p2blishe~ the alleged libel tlie game was tmue, was bad on demurrer.',The facts must not be stated hypothetically, nor in the alternative, nor must mere conclusions of law be stated, nor the intentions of the parties; nor, if such matters are stated on the other side, should they be answered by the defendant.',In Thumb v. Walrath, it was held at special term,' that an answer assuming to go to the whole of a single cause of action, but containing facts which constitute a defence to a part only, is bad on demurrer;' and this, too, although the defendant had put in another and complete answer to the whole complaint. The action was to recover thirty-two acres of land, and the defective answer set up a defence only to a portion of the land. This doctrine was again asserted in the case of Willis v. Taggard, and it is in analogy with the former practice of pleading at law.',Much that was said, in regard to the facts necessary to be stated in the plaintiff's complaint, ante, pages 136 to 174, may be applied to the statement 6f new,'This agrees with the cases cited supra, Graham v. Stone, 6 How. Pr. R. 15, Lewis v.- Kendall, id. 59, Sayles v. Wooden, id. 84, Anibal v. Hunter, id. 255, and others.,' 7 Barb. S. C. R. 80. 3 How. Pr. R. 358, and see preceding chap. on Complaint.,' 6 How. Pr. R. 196, 1 C. R., N. S. 316, per WILLARD, J. See also Willis v. Taggard, 6 How.Pr. R. 433, 1 Wend. 347, 1 Denio, 147. '6 Hill. 421, 1 Wend. 347, 1 Denio, 147. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 433.,2183 SEO. I.]
set-off of the defendant, and every other species of counter claim, constituting a ground for affirmative relief, these rules, of course, apply; this part of the subject, however, will be considered in the following section. So also as to any other matter of defence constituting a discharge or a bar to the plaintiff's cause of action; all the facts must be pleaded, which the defendant will be bound to establish by evidence, to constitute the bar; but the facts themselves, and not the evidence, must be pleaded. In causes of action that heretofore hav3 been denominated legal, it will generally be sufficient to state these facts substan- tially, as in a special plea, without regard to form. Thus, if the defendant relies upon the statute of limi- tations, which he is obliged to set up in his answer,' it is not enough for him to say that he pleads the statute of limitations, but he should state the facts constituting the defence in the usual way, that the 1' cause of action mentioned in the plaintiff's com- plaint did not accrue to the plaintiff at any time within six years next before the commencement of the action." So, too, if he desire to avail himself of the defence of tender, he must state such facts as he will be bound to prove on the trial to constitute the defence. As for example: that after the money mentioned in the complaint became due, and before the commencement of the action, he offered and ten- dered to pay the plaintiff the said sum of money, which the'plaintiff refused. So also in the case of a tender of amends for a casual or involuntary trespass,'Am. Code, § 74. 274,[aH. v. THE ANSWER
under the statute, and of any other defence to an action, whether on contract or for a wrong, the facts necessary and essential to be proved, in order to con- stitute the defence, should be stated, in order to their admission under the pleadings. We do not say that an omission to state all these facts, will, in every case, be fatal on the trial, or necessarily shut out the evi- dence. Doubtless the court has a large discretion under the Code; and, indeed, is required by section 176' to disregard any defect in the 2leading8 which shall not affect thle substantial righltts of t.e adverse party.' In such a case, a party undertaking to plead a tender, accord and satisfaction, release, or any other new matter of defence, whether legal or equit- able, ought not to be prejudiced by any defect or omission, even of a material allegation, if it has not actually misled or operated to the prejudice of the adverse party. As for example: if it has failed to apprise him of some fact which he had a right to know, or some matter upon which the defendant relies to sustain his general allegation, and which, by a failure to set it out, the plaintiff may not be prepared with prcofto controvert.' Thus, in the case of M'Murray v. Thomas, the mere allegation of fraud, without aver- ring the facts to establish it, failed to apprise the plaintiff of the particular matters upon which the de- fendant relied, and which the plaintiff had a right to know. So, too, in the case of Gould v. Homer,' and Fay v. Grimsteed,' setting up the defence of usury.,' Am. Code, also § 169,170. ' And see further, post, chap. ix., Amendments. '5 How. Pr. R. 14. '1 C. R., N. S. 356. l10 Barb. S. C. R. 321.,275
[Ca V. And the same rule has been frequently applied in equity. To allow usury to be given in evidence, the defence, says the Chancellor, must be distinctly set up in the plea or answer, " and the terms of the usurious contract, and the quantum of the usurious interest, or premium, must be specified, and distinctly and correctly set out."' And a plea for want of parties in Chancery, must not only set out the defect of parties, but must point out the parties who should be joined.',Under the Code, as has been noticed, an answer that the plaintiffs are not joint owners of personal property in an action for the taking thereof,' and an answer that one of the defendants " never was a co- partner," are sufficient.' Where, however, the answer is that other parties should be joined as parties in interest, the equity rule doubtless applies, and the defendant must specify the names of the parties and their interest.,It should also be remembered that, however wide the discretion of the court, and however liberal the Code in respect to disregarding omissions and defects in the pleadings, &c., yet there is a limit to this dis- cretion and liberality; for the Code has made a pro- vision which the courts are not at liberty to disre- gard, that: Where the allegation of the cause of action or defence, to which the proof is directed, is unproved, not in some particular, or particulars only, but in its entire scope and meaning, it shall not be deemed a case of variance, but a failure of proof;','4 Paige, 533. 7 Id. 457. 8 Id. 17. ' 13 Ves. 438. ' 8 Barb. S. C. R. 144. 1 C. . 72. ' Am. Code, § 171.
and, also, that an error and defect in the pleadings, &c., is to be disregarded only when such defect can- not affect the substantial right of the adverse party.',2. What may be alleged as new matter.-Having thus considered what matters mzust be alleged in the answer by the defendant, I shall next briefly notice what may be alleged in his defence, or not, as he may think proper.,Under a general or special denial, as we have seen,' no evidence can be given on the part of the defen- dant, except such as tends directly to disprove some material fact controverted in the complaint. This doctrine, very clearly and logically laid down in the case of Benedict v. Seymour, cited supra,' agrees with most of the decisions on this point made since the Code, and is no doubt entirely cor- rect. In the same case, however, the question was considered, whether it is admissible to set forth specially any defence which may be given in evidence under such a traverse, and the conclusion arrived at, that every special defence consisting of matter which goes to disprove any material allegation in the com- plaint is defective, and must be stricken out on motion.' Whether this rule was ever strictly appli- cable to the theory of pleadings under the Code, or not, it seems to me clearly evident, that since the late amendments, it cannot, and ought not, to be rigidly applied. There can certainly be no reasonable ob- jection, as was stated, ante, pages 261, 262, to allow the,'Am. Code, § 176. 2 Ante, pages 237, 238. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 208. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 307. SEC. iL]
defendant, with his general or specific denial, to set forth specially, as formerly he might do with the geperai issue, either by notice or special plea, such defences as duress, statute of frauds, illegality of con- sideration, payment, or any other defence not abso- lutely incon-sktent with the denial, even though'some of these defences might properly be given in evidence nuder a mere traverse. A plea amounting to the general issue, it has been observed, was mere matter of form, not of substance, and as unch, therefore, could be reached only by special demurrer. An example is given in an action of trover, where the defendant pleads that the plaintiff consigned him the goods to sell, which he sold pursuant to the order of the plain- tiff; this was held bad as amounting to the general issue;' but, being mere matter of form, it could not probably be reached by demurrer under the Code. The plaintiff cannot certainly, in any sense, be said to be "'aggrieved'" by such a defence, if it be matter really proper to be proved in bar of the action. In such case the answer apprises him of the exact point of the defence set up, in the shape of new matter. As the Code now stands, he is not required to con- trovert it by any reply, but the matter. is deemed to be controverted, and the defendant must prove it. He may, therefore, I thini:, properly allege it as new matter, with or without his general or specific,10 John. 289. ' There is much force in what was said in IHynds v. Griswold, 4 How. 69, as applicable to such a case. Effect should be given to the word aggrieved, as used in the 160th section of the Code. 278,[OH. V.
denial, nor should such a defence be struck out merely because it amounts to the general issue.',Equitable defence to legal cause of action,-It was a question, before the late amendments of the Code, whether a defendant was at liberty to interpose a 5 purely euitabkl defence to a legal cause of action. Most of the decisions pro and con on 'thi subject, have already been cited,' and it is unnecessary to refer to them again in this place. The question is now definitively settled by the statute, that the defend- ant may interpose a purely equitable defence to a legal cause of action. He may set forth as many de- fences and counterclaims as he has, whether they be such as have been heretofore denominated legal, or equitcale, or botl.' The defendant may also have positive, or, as the Code denominates it, afirma- t.e relief;' as, for example, in a suit to have a bond and mortgage delivered up and cancelled, he may, if he make out a sufficient case, have an affirmative judgment of foreclosure; and, therefore, he may, if he choose, set up in his answer any matter which can, in any event, become material to such a result ; and see further on this subject the next section, on the Counterclaim of defendant.,In setting out an equitable cause of action, or an equitable defence to a legal demand, it has been said,And see further as to what may, and what may not, be alleged, post, under the head of Irrelevant and redundant matter.,'Ante, chap. 1, § 8. 8 Barb. 103, 9 id. 657, 5 How. Pr. R. 192.,§ 152, as amended in 1852. ' § 274, as amended in 1852. 5 .How. Pr. R. 476. SaC. HI],2"
that the party is not confined to the same strictness of statement as in other cases, but that the equity rules apply, in the main, to the one class of cases, and common law rules to the other. What was said in a former chapter on this subjects' may be here refer- red to in order to avoid an unnecessary repetition. We agree with that class of decisions which hold that there is no such distinction, and that the Code has really provided a uniformity of pleading, as well as practice, in all cases. This applies to the defend- ant's answer of new matter, as well as to the state- ment by the plaintiff of his cause of action; and, therefore, in strictness, a defendant has no right to set up in an answer, constituting even an equitable. defence, any thing except matwidalfact, that is, issu- abl facts adable of trial, and which, on being con- troverted, will form an issue or issues sufficient to ad- mit all proper evidence of the facts necessary to sus- tain the defence. But, under the practice established by the late amendments of the Code, that new mat- ter (unless a counterclaim) need not be denied by the plaintiff and is not deemed admitted on the trial, I see no good reason why the rule should be always strictly enforced in case of the defendant's answer, except when a counterclaim is pleaded,' so long as the facts stated are pertinent to the case, and may be proved in support of the issue, even though not di- rectly iseuable facts capabl of trial. The defendant may, if he choose, it is presumed, in setting up an equitable, as well as a legal answer, state such facts as cannot either prejudice or " aggrieve" the plaintiff,,' Chap. 1, sec. iv., and cases there cited. ' See next section.,Co. -. 280
or mislead him in his proof, or encumber the record, or embarrassthe proceedings. If, under the equity practice, a plaintiff had a right to know, not only the facts and circumstances of the case relied on by the defendant, but the use designed to be made of them, it would seem that he should still have that right, particularly as he admits nothing of the facts stated, by omitting to reply, and the answer, therefore, can- not be used in any way, as an examination or discove- ry of evidence.,3. What facts must not be aleged.-The right, however, should, at least, be limited by the rule indi- cated in Wooden v. Waffle,' so as not to suffer the defendant to encumber the record with details which have no other bearing upon the case than to establish some other fact, affecting the equitable right in con- troversy. Even where the opposite party may not be "aggrieved," the court has an interest in disen- cumbering the record of irrelevant and redundant matter, and in reforming abuses in pleading.' ' Irrelevant and redun&dat matter. in an, arnswer, as in a complaint, may be struck out on motion of any person aggrieved thereby.' And though, perhaps, for the reasons already stated,' the defendant, (unless his answer sets up a counterclaim,) should not in ge- neral be held to so great a strictness as the plaintiff in his complaint, yet it is undoubtedly a general rule that the answer should set up only the facts consti- tuting the ground of defence, and no more. The mo- tion to strike out scandalous and impertinent matter,' 6 How. Pr. R. 156. s 6 How. Pr. R. 156. 'Am. Code, § 160. ' And see 4 How. Pr. R. 69,,19,2'gl' sEC. m.]
is entirely similar to an exception forimpertinence, under the equity system.' Scandalous and imperti- nent matter, even if not included under the head of irrelevant and redundant matter, as stated in the Code, may still be struck out of the pleadings. This doctrine, applied in the case of Carpenter v. West,' to scandalous and impertinent matter in a complaint, may be also safely applied to similar matter in an answer.,Facts, also, and not the mere evidence of facts, must be stated as new matter. A statement of evidence, instead of the facts, can answer no possible good end, and is in itself a prolixity and redundance which the court will correct.,The statement of new matter must be, by the Code, not only such as constitutes a defence, but it must be in ordinary and concise language, without repetitin.' A violation of either of these requisites is an abuse which will be corrected by the court, on motion.* Under these provisions in Knowles v. Gee,' JusTIoB SELDEN struck out a large portion of an answer em- bracing the details of evidence relied on to sustain a charge of fraud. The complaint was for trespass in cutting and cariying away grain, and the answer set- ting up that the plaintiff's deed to the land was ob- tained by fraud, went into a history of the transac- tions between the parties, with the circumstances in detail which led to the delivery of the deed, extend- ing to upwards of sixty folios. Though the cause of,' 6 How. Pr. R. 44. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 53. See this case cited, ante, page 177. ' Am. Codo, § 149. ' 8 Barb; S. C. R. 300. 282,[o. V.
action or defence, it was said, must be stated fuliy and clearly, and general pleading is no longer allowed yet, facts only, and not the mere evidence of facts, should be stated.',The facts must also be stated, not only conc/iey, but witlout repetitio, and if not so stated the court will correct the abuse. TLus, if the defendant un- dertake, under the pretence of setting forth several separate defences, to set forth the same defence in different forms, the court will, within the principle of Stockbridge Iron Co. v. Mellen,' strike out all but one, with costs. What the Code means by " ordina- ry" language it would be, perhaps, hazardous to say. It is presumed that termr: of art, professional expres- sions, and generally all words of good standing in the,nhglish language may still be used; and it is very doubtful whether any court would descend so far as to criticise the language of a pleading by striking out an ordinary Latin word, or law French term, which has been in use among pleaders for centuries past, unless, indeed, the party objecting should show igno- rance on affidavit, or otherwise prove himself " (ag- grieved" to the satisfaction of the court. A demurrer to the abbreviation ve. of the Latin word versus, in the title of the complaint, was very properly overruled as frivolous.,If a partition suit, an allegation in the answer that the plaintiff had unreasonably refused to make parti-,ˆ -- _-_F-- ' JUSTICE WELLES allowed an answer of 26 folios to stand, under similar circumstances. Burget v. Bissell, 5 How. Pr. R. 192. See remarks on this ease, ante, pages 181, 182.,5 How. Pr. R. 439.,1288 SEO; m.]
tion by deed, was struck out as irrelevant and re- dundant. It could have no possible influence upon the action, and if replied to, it was said, it would raise an immaterial issue, and tend to embarrass the pro- ceedings.',And where there are several defendants, an answer by one of them, which is immaterial as between him and the plaintif but isintended to form a case for ad- judication of equities between him and a codefendant, will be struck out on motion as immaterial, on the question of the plaintiff's right to recover.' Imma- terial matter, when'inserted in an answer, cannot be demurred to; it must be taken advantage of by motion to strike it out as irrelevant and redundant.',A h]ypotetical answer, or an answer in the alterna- tive, cannot be properly pleaded; as if the defendant, in an action for slander, with a general denial, state, that if he did speak the words, &c., he will then prove something in mitigation or justification ;' and a separ- ate answer of this description, it seems, is bad for in- sufficiency on demurrer.',Inconsistent answers are not countenanced under the Code, any more than they were under the old equliy system.' At common law, a defendant,M'Gown v. Morrow, Special Term, per PARKER, J.,'3 C. R. 9.,Woodworth v. Bellows and others, 4 How. Pr. R. 24. Id. 2 Sand. 702. See renarks and cases. cited, antn: posy 201, '02. 6 How. Pr. R. 84. Id. 401. ' The anonymous case reported in 1 C. R. 334, does not seem to be sustained by the later decisions. 284,[eOs v
could plead only one plea; but by statute he might plead as many separate matters as he should think necessary to his defence, subject to the power of the court to compel him to elect by which plea he would abide in cases where he should plead inconsistent pleas.' A defendant could not deny the execution of a deed, or plead the general issue in assumpsit, and also a tender.' Nor in trespass could he plead at the same time the general issue, alien enemy, and a justifica- tion.' And where, in an action of debt on bond, the defendant pleaded payment before the day, and pay- ment at the day, the court ordered the first plea to be struck out.' But with the general issue in assumpsit, he might plead infancy, or the statute of limitations, or discharge by bankruptcy; and in tres- pass to lands, he might, with the plea of not guilty, also plead title in himself, or a third person, or justi- fication.',In equity, a defendant might also set up by answer as many defences as he might have, but not incon- sistent defences.' In a verified answer, it was held that he could not set up two defences that cannot both be true in fact.' He might 'deny the truth of the allegations of the bill, and set up any other mat- ters not wholly inconsistent with his denial on a full or partial defence.' And where from redundant ex- pressions, or other verbal inaccuracy, a defence had,'2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 448, § 27. 4 T. R. 194. 5 Id. 97. 4 Taunt. 459. '12 East. 806. '1 John., ease 152. ' Grab. Pr. 245. '1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 138. ' 11 Paige, 46. 11 Paige, 46.,285
not intended to be so, the court would either reject the redundant expressions as surplusage, or direct them to be struck out.' This may now be obtained by motion to the court to render the pleading more definite by amendment.,In Boyce v. Brown,' it was held, that under the Code, the defendant could not plead inconsistent defences. Thus, it was said, that in trespass he could not, as under the old practice, plead a general denial and a justification at the same time, as both could not be true. He should either dey the trespass al- together, or confess it, and justify, or avoid the act. Judgment was given for the plaintiff in that case, not for the insufficiencyof the answer, asit contained some facts which, if properly alleged, would have been a defence, but because the answer was not drawn in conformity with the Code, and the plaintiff as the Code then stood, was not allowed to demur. On appeal, in the same case, the, judgment was affirmed.' In Arnold 'v. Dimond,' it was held, that the defendant cannot set up two defences not consistent with each other, one of which from its nature must be within his personal knowledge; as a carrier to answer:-1st. That he was not 'the owner of the vessel. 2d. That the property shipped was delivered to the plainti,Where the defences, however, both, or all of them, 1 Barb. Oh. Pr. 138. ' 3 How. Pr. R. 391, at special term, per WILLAIR, J. 7 Barb. S.C. R. 81. ' N. Y. Superior Court, 4 Sand. 680. 286,[OH. V. THE ANSWE.
may be true, though entirely different in their nature, they are not incons'stent. Thus, in Buddington v.. Davis,' it was said, that,,while a conditional, or de bend esse defence could not be sustained, as in an ac- tion for libel, if the defendant should set up that, if the Care waC published it was true, or was privileged, yet, that in such action, the defendant might sepa- rately deny, and justify; that is, he might deny all the allegations of the complaint, andthen, by a separate statement in the same answer, allege the truth of the publication; and again, by another separate state- ment, aver that the publication was privileged. Asl these several defences might be true, and proof of one would defeat the action. But in an' action for trespass, if the defendant should deny that he com- mitted the trespass, and allege matter in avoidance, as a former recovery for the same trespass, it is mani- fest that both cannot be true, and the latter is incon- sistent with the former.,When inconsistent defences are set up, the defect is properly to be reached by motion to strike out one of the defences, in which case, as under the old prac- tice, the court will either strike :ut the defence, or compel the defendant to elect by which he will abide.',If a motion to strike out the objectionable matter cannot-reach or cure the defect, the objection, it is presumed, may be taken by demurrer, as in the case of Sayles v. Wooden,' Lewis v. Kendall,' and others. Such an answer, it seems, is " insufficient" within the,' 6 How. Pr. R. 401, per HARisU, J. 'Porter v. McCreedy, 1 C. B., N. S. 88. '6 How. Pr. R. 84. '6 How. Pr. R. 59. s8E. r.],28t
meaning of the Code, and may be objected to by de- murrer, for it is held that an answer is insufficient in the sense of the Code, not only where it sets up a defence which is groundless in law, bu- where in the mode of stating a defence, otherwise valid, it violates those primary and essential rules of pleading which the Code has retained.' And the rule is no doubt correctly laid down. in the case of Nichols v. Jones, that where the objection is to the whole of a separate answer or defence it should be taken by demurrer, unless palpably insufficient, as a frivolous, or irrele- vant defence, in which case a motion for judgment on account thereof will be entertained; but if part of such an entire and separate defence may be good, the redundant or superfluous matter incorporated with it should be struck out on motion.' A similar view was taken in the case of Fabricotti v. Launitz,' in the N. Y. Superior Court.,4. What need not 1b stated in tLw answer.-It is not necessary in an answer, as well as in a complaint,to state matter of which the court takes notice ex o~i; nor to anticipate a reply, and. state matter which would more properly come from the other side; nor to al- lege what is presumed in law; nor what is necessari- ly implied. A defendant in equity was not bound to answer a matter stated by way of recital, and not,a Fry v, Bennett, Sop.. Cout,, sY,, at General Termn per DvEs , J. 1 C. R., N. S. 252. But see contra 7 How. Pr. R. 57, and see post, chap. vii sec. 3.,' Per BARCULO, J., 6 How. Pr. R. 356. ' Sand. 744. 288,[OH. V.
positively;' nor as to the correctness of an arithdioti- cal proposition;' nor generally any allegation which", was,not material for any purpose of the suit.' The same is the practice under the Code; neither a prayer for relief, nor a conclusion of law, nor any other mat- ter upon which an issue cannot be taken, and which is not material to the action, need be answered ; and a failure to answer will not be deemed an admission of such matters as evidence on the trial.,It was also a well established rule in equity that the defendant was not bound to answer any allega- tion which, if confessed, would subject him to punish- ment, penalty, or forfeiture.',The Code, however, limits the privilege to that clas', of cases only where an admission of the truth of the charge would subject the party to prosecution for afelony. n 'Hill v. Miller,' in the N.' Y. Superior Court, it was held that the defendant need not admit or deny allegations in the complaint which he will state in his answer under oath he might tsbject himself to a criminal prosecution by answering. The statement, so verified, will put in issue such allega- tion, and put the plaintiff to proof of'his case pre- cisely the same as though an answer had been inter- posed denying the allegation. The alove case held that the. rule applied to all cases of criminal prosecu- tions, such as misdemeanor for assault and battery, &c. This was, however, under the Code of 1849,,6 Paige, 124. 'Id. 289. '3 Barb. Ch. R. 312. 3 Paige,210. 4 John. Ch. R. 432. 2 Paige, 599. 3 Id. 528. 16 John. 592. ' 2 Sand. 684. See also White v. Cummings, 3 Id. 716.,289
as it now stands, that no pleading can be uwed in a criminl prosecution against the party a& proof of a fact admitted or alleged in such pleading.' In cases less than felony, therefore, the defendant must still answer under oath if required.',5. Eow statement in answer to be made.-Having considered, it'st. what matters must necessarily be stated by. the defendant in his answer; secoud, what may be alleged by him as new matter; third, what rnust not be alleged; and fouw'tb, what need not be. alleged; it remains only to notice briefly how the statement by the defendant of new matter in his answer must be made.,It was remarked, ante, page 193, in considering the manner of stating the facts in the complaint, that much of what was there said would apply to the mode of stating a defence by the defendant in his answer; and it is only necessary now to refer to the remarks on the various matters noticed under that head, without repeating them here in detail.' There are, however, one or two matters particularly applicable to the manner of stating a defence, which it will be proper to notice in this place; and first:,Separate defewees, hoaw stated.-The Code provides that-," The defendant may set forth by answer as many de- fences and counterclaims as he may have, whether they be,Am. Code, § 157. And see post, seo. v. of this chapter. Ante, pages 192 to 205. 290,[cHI. V. TIE ASPWER.
such as have been heretofore denominated legal or equit- able, or both. They must each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in such manner that they may be intelligibly dis- tinguished."',The nature of the defences which may be separately pleaded, has been already in part considered. They are-first, a general or specific denial; second, new matter in avoidance; third, counterclaim. They may be legal or equitable defences, or both; but they. must be consistent; that is, they must both, or all, be true, and must not be of such a nature, that if one is proved to be true, the other must necessarily be false.',They must also be separately stated. This is a very important and essential feature in the manner of stating a defence. The provision in the Code is conclusive to show that defences must be single; that is, not consisting of a single allegation, or a single material fact, but of a single matter, which, as a whole, and complete in itself, will, if proved, form an entire defence to so much of the complaint as it assumes to answer.' And, according to JrsTICE SELDEN, there can be no proper mode of framing an answer in a common law action without distinguish- ing each separate defence by, at least, some appro- priate commencement, if not conclusion; as, for ex- ample, " and for a further defence, &c."','Am. Code 1852, § 150. 'See ante, pages 286, 287. See Willis v. Taggard, 6 How. Pr. R. 433. 'Benedict v. Seymour, 6 How. Pr. R. 302. sEC. m.],291
In the leading case of Boyce v. Brown,' several times above cited, it was said, on appeal to the Supi me Court, by JUSTICE ITND, " As I understand section 150, it is a statutory inhibition against dupli- city in stating two defences together. Each defence, or ground of defence, must be separately stated; and this, I think, applies to more than one defence to the same cause of action, as well as to different de- fences to different causes of action; so that, under the Code as amended by act of April 11, 1849, it may be doubtful whether, what was matter of form before, requiring a special demurrer, is 'not now matter of substance," &c.,The separate grounds of defence, separately stated as prescribed in section 150, take the place of separ- ate pleas." And see further, as to separate statement of Counterclaim, post, sec. iv. of this chapter.,The defences must not only be separately stated, but they must " refer to the causes of action, which they are intended to answer in such manner that they may be intelligibly distinguished." That is to say, if a complaint contains several distinct causes of action, these are to be separately stated, in substance, similar to the manner of stating the counts in a de- claration,4 and each cause of action must be separately answered. If the defendant have two or more de- fences to any one cause of action, he may set them,7 Barb. S. C. R . 80. How. Pr.R. 391. ' See on this point, Fry v. Bennett, 1 0. B., N. S. 252; and post, chap. vii. sec. 3.,'Cobb v. Frazee, per GRIDLIY, J., 4 How. Pr. R. 413. Ante, pages 195 to 198. 292,[rH.V.
forth, but each defence must point out specifically the cause of action to which it is designed to be an an- swer, as for example, " and as to the cause of action, secondly set forth in the plaintiff's complaint, the defendant for answer, further says, &c.," or in some other way to distinguish it intelligibly.' The burden of analyzing the defence, as has been well remarked, is not to be thrown on the court at the trial, nor is the plaintiff bound to take notice of it at his peril. If, instead of observing these rules prescribed for the manner of the statement of a defence, the defendant mingles together two or more statements, each of which would be a sufficient defence, if separately stated, the court will strike out one on motion,' or, perhaps, adjudge the pleading bad on demurrer.' And similar consequences will result from setting up sepa- rately two or more defences to a complaint contain- ing several distinct causes of action, without properly distinguishing as to which cause each defence is intend- to apply. Perhaps, however, in such a case, the pro- per way would be for the plaintiff to move that the defendant be compelled to make his answer more de- finite and certain by amendment.,Joint or separate 'answer.-If there are two or more defendants, each defendant may put in a sepa- rate answer in cases where, according to section 274 amended Code, a several judgment may be proper. In equity two or more persons might join in the,..A d'lj tho lata rues or oU S iiupre Cuurl, ea;,i delCnoue is re- quired to be " plainly numbercd," see Rule 87.,' C How. Pr. R. 301. 1 C. R., N. S. 252, see post, chap. vii. see. 8.,293
same, and they appeared by the same solicitor, they ought to do so, unless some good reason existed for answering separately.' When a joint fiduciary capa- city exists, a joint answer should be adopted. But the rule does not apply where the joint parties are liable to account, and incur responsibility, as in the case of executors and trustees.' When the interests of the defendants are not the same, they should answer separately.,Where the defendants, if liable at all, are all liable as joint contractors, the answer, as in equity cases, should be joint.' If the defendants are severally liable, each may properly appear separately, and an- swer, as for example, in case the defendants hold different relations to the plaintiffs, such as the maker and endorser of a promissory note, &c. So also where the defence relied on is a mere personal discharge, such as bankruptcy of one joint con- tractor, infancy, &c.' In actions for a wrong or injury as trespass, slander, assault and battery, &c., the plaintiff is allowed to recover against one or more of several defendants, and a several judgment is al- ways proper. Each of the defendants, therefore, may answer severally, and by the same or by different,1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 158. 'Id. 157. "' Each defendant is at liberty to use such plea as he may think proper for his defence, and they may either join in the same plea or sever at their discretion." Such was the rule at common law. Steph. P1. 257,,' How. Pr. R. 272. 1 Chit. P1. 35.,[Con. v 294,THE ANSWER.
attorneys. 'Where, however, two defendants answer separately by the same attorney, and verdict and judg- ment are given in their favor, but one bill of costs will be allowed.' And where two defendants answer separately, by different attorneys, one of whom is a clerk in the offcle of the other,' or who are partners in business,' but one bill of costs will be allowed; otherwise if not partners.',If one or more of the defendants fail to answer in cases where a several judgment may be proper, the court will render judgment against them leaving the ssues raised by the answer of the defendant or de- fendants who appear, to be tried.' But an answer put in by one of several defendants must be material on the question of thle ppla'ntif' right to recover; it cannot set up equities to be adjusted between him and a co-defendant, pursuant to section 274 of the Code." And in rendering a judgment under this section, which shall determine the rights of the plaintiffs or defendants, as between themselves, the defendant claiming such judgment as against a co- defendant,. must actually appear as a litigating party in court.' It seems to be properi, under the Code,,Tracy v. Stone, 4 How. Pr. R. 104. '6 How. Pr. R. 404. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 9. ' Id. 336. The N. Y. Superior Court allowed separate bills of costs against two defendants defending by the same attorney. 4 Sand. 671; but it was held by the same court, in another case, that but one bill could be allowed infavor of two defendants, 3 Sand. 760.,' Am. Code, § 274. ' Woodworth v. Bellows and others; 4 How. Pr. R. 24, per WELLES, J.,' Norbury v. Seely; 4 How. Pr. R. 73, per HARnrS, J,295
for a defendant to join, with a sufficient answer bar- ring the plaintiff's right to recover, an answer con- taining facts, which if proved, will authorize the court to render judgment that he be subrogated in place of the plaintiff, or such other judgment as will deter- mine the equities between him and his co-defendant. Such answer, however, should not be allowed, if cal- culated to prejudice or delay the plaintiff in collect- ing his demand, and it would-seem to be but just that in such case the court should require the truth of the defence as against the plaintiff to be verified by affidavit. And generally all matters of defence set up should be true. Under the old system of pleading, it was very quaintly but correctly remarked that, " truth is not properly a quality of pleading,"' and though a cardi- nal rule was, that the pleadings ought to be true, yet in general, there was no means of enforcing this rule, because, regularly, there was no proper way of prov- ing the falsehood of an allegation till issue had been taken and trial had upon it.' The science of plead- ings, it was said, had no rules whereby truth could be ascertained.' The original code attempted to remedy this defect in part, by requiring a verification to all pleadings, and thus bringing down the allegations to the compass of ordinary probability, if not of absolute truth. The verification being now optional with the plaintiff, a false or sham answer may, of course, still be put in. But the Code has provided a way to en- force the rule requiring truth in pleading, by arming,Evans on P1. 96. ' Steph. on PI. 441. 'Id.,-*11 296,[OH. V.
and render judgment in a summary manner, on mo- tion.',SECTION IV. COUNTERaLAIM. TnE word "counterclaim" is introduced into the Code by the amendments of 1852. As the section now stands,' the answer-must contain, besides a gene- ral or specifiS denial of the allegations which the defendant intends to controvert,,2d. "A statement of any new matter constituting a de. fence or counterclaim,' in ordinary and concise language, without repetition.",Besides this provision, the amendments of 1852 introduced into the Code the following new defini- tion:," The counterclaim mentioned in the last section must be one existing in favor of a defendant, and against a plaintiff, between whom a several judgment might be had in the ac- tion, and arising out of the following causes of action:,"1. A cause of action arising out of the contract or trans- action set forth in the complaint, as the foundation of the plaintiff's claim, or connected with the subject of the action.,Post, § vi. of this chapter. ' Sec. 149, Am. Code. * The word "counterclaim" is substituted in place of "set-o.",20 sEC. IV.],29T COUNTERCLAIM.
"2. In an action arising on contract, any other cause of action arising also on contract, and existing at the com- mencement of the action.",The latter subdivision evidently embraces that class of defences to an action usually denominated set-off. The former, other cases of cross demand be- tween the parties growing out of the subject matter of the suit.,W7Wt is a counterclaim.-It may be important to know the exact definition of the term "counterclaim," as used in the Code, and what species of defences it was intended to embrace; for, as will be noticed more at large in the next chapte', it is only in case the defence set up is a " counterclaim" that a reply is now necessary. It may, perhaps, in the absence of all judicial construction on this new provision of the Code, be difficult to define correctly and with pre- cision the exact legal definition of the term "counter- claim." It undoubtedly embraces what was formerly known as set-ofi and also recoupment of damages in those cases where such matter of recoupment would have been the subject of a cross action. But it has also evidently a wider and more ext3nded significa- tion, and embracing matters which heretofore have been classed as purely equitable, and could not have been interposed to an action at law, or directly in a suit in equity; it isintended to apply to every defence which heretofore would have been the subject of a cross suit, equitable as well as legal, such not only as go to defeat the plaintiff's action merely, but such as ask affirmative relief for the defendant, limited only, in cases other than a set-cff on contract, by the re- 298,[HO. V.
striction that such defence must arise out of, or be connected with, the subject of the plaintiff's demand.,It may be proper here to observe that the portion of the Code above quoted, relative to the " counter. claim," is identical with the provisions on that sub. ject contained in the report of the Commissioners to the Legislature of 1850, which was printed, but never acted on by that body.' In order to elucidate more clearly the nature of the counterclaim as intended by the commissioners, we shall quote the following from their explanatory note to the section in question:-," The statute'of set-os was the first innovation upon the tcomen law. That, however, was quite limited in its opera- tion. Of late years the courts have let in a new set of cross demands under the name of recoupment. We propose in this section to open the door still wider, and to admit miany cross demands now excluded. Further experience may show that the door should be open wider still.," Ths first subdivision of this section is intended to remove a doubt, which has been sometimes 'expressed, whether affirmative relief can be given upon an answer setting up a defence which heretofore would have been accounted equit- able only. For example, in the case of an action to dis- possess an occupant of land; the defendant claims to occupy under a contract to purchase, and asks on his part for a judgment that the plaintiff give him a conveyance. It is the intention of the Code that the whole controversy between the parties should be settled in one action, and that either plaintiff or defendant should have such relief as the nature of the case requires. It is as easy to do this, as it is to de- cide upon what was considered a mere equitable defence to a legal demand, and there is no difficulty in either.,"Suppose an action upon a written agreement to recover,' See Report, § 645, sub. 2 and § 646. am rV.]
damages for not performing it. The defendant answers that the writing does not express the intention of the parties, and that he did perform it according to the real agreement between them. Is such a defence admissible under the Code That question involves another, which is this: is the agreement by the law of the land binding upon the de- fendant as it stands, or is it not? Now, if it be not bind- ing that is, if, before the Code, he could, by any form of action get rid of it, he can do so now in the action prose- cuted under the Code. The effect of the Code is to open the door to remedies without disturbing rights. It has not changed the rights of the parties. It has simplified and shortened their remedies."',From these remarks of the commissioners, we gain a tolerably clear idea of the nature and extent of the " counterclaim" as used in the Code. It is intended to embrace;-,irst. Matters which, by the statute, might here- tofore have been interposed by way of set-off in an action on contract, and also, in such action, any other damages, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued at the commencement of the action, arising on a con- tract, either between the parties to the action or the defendant and any assignor of a thing in action within the provisions of section 112 of the Code.,Second. Matterswhich heretofore might have been given in evidence in recoupment of damages, and which would have been the subject of a cross action by the defendant against the plaintiff.,[Third. Any other matter of defence, legal or equit- able, whereby, by "the law of the land," the defend- ant would have been enabled, in any form of action, legal or equitable, not only to defeat the plaintiffis,Report of the Commissioners complete, pages 267, 268. 800,[C(.v.
spect to some matter growing out of, or connected with, such claim.,And Fourth. Any matter arising out of, or con- nected with, the subject of the plaintiff's action, which, though not a complete defence thereto, might have been the ground of another action by the de- fendant against the plaintiff for damages or specific relief.,The object of this provision of the " counterclaim" is, as the commissioners have expressed it, to prevent the " inconvenience of having several law suits where one would answer the purpose.",In respect to the eet-of, or a cause of action aris- ing on contract, it is to be observed that the demand must exist at the time of the commencement of the action. This is in accordance with the rule existing before the Code.' But in other respects the Code has enlarged the privilege of set-off beyond what the statute permitted. Thus, by reference to the statute of set-off, it will be seen that a demand to be set-off must be, not only one arising upon judgment or con- tract, but must be " a demand for real estate sold, or for personal property sold, or for money paid, or ser- vices done, or if it be not such a demand, the amount must be liquidated, or be capable of being aecertained by calcuation;" and it could be allowed only in " actions founded upon demands which could them- selves be the subject of set-off according to law."','3 John. 145. 9 Id. 322. 6 Hill, 10. 2 R. S. (3d ed.) 450, § 39, sub. 4.,' 2 R. S. (3d ed.) 450, 8 39. SEa IV.],301 0OUNiTERCMAIM.
And in equity, in suits for the payment or recovery of money, set-offs were allowed in the same manner and with like effect as in actions at law/.,Thus, when the suit was upon an unliquidated de- mand, as a bond of indemnity,no setoff was allowed.' ' ;ere could be no set-off for a landlord's breach of,enant or agreement in hislease; the remedy being oy cross action,' Though the tenant, it seems, might recoup damages for a breach of an agreement by the landlord to repair. A set-off was not admissible in ana ction on contract fora breach of warranty. And generally in all cases where the damages were uncer- tain or unliquidated, except for real estate or personal property sold, or money paid, or services done, no set-off could be allowed.',The Code, however, permits a set-off under the name of "counterclaim" in all these various cases. The defendant may set-os in all cases. "In an action arising on contract, any other case/ rs action a li o arisng on contract," no matter whether it be liqui- dated or unliquidated, whether it be damages for breach of warranty or any other contract, and no matter what the nature of the contract be on which the plaintiff seeks to recover, whether for the breach of a bond of indemnity, or any other unliquidated demand. But the Code does not allow a set-off on contract in an action for a wrong, and the rule in that respect remains as it stood before.' So,,'2 R. S. (3d ed.) 450, § 64. 1 Sand. 254. ' 12 Wend. 529. 15 Id. 559. 7 Hill 53. 2 Cons. 283. 1 1 Wend. 584. '2 John. 150. ' 3 Cai. 84.,fa a v.
too, it is presumed, the other provision of the revised statutes, relative to set-off, are not affected by the Code, namely, that the set-off must be due to the de- fendant in his own right, either as original creditor or assignee; and that if there be several defendants, the demands set~off must be due to them all jointly (or by the Code, such of them as may be entitled to a several judgment) ; and if the plaintiff be a trustee, so much of the demand existing against those whom the plaintiff represents, or for whose benefit the action is brought, may be set-off as will satisfy the plaintiff's debt, &c., &c.,Ae to matter in, re~ ment of da~mWe..-These also constitute counterclaims, and though, under the old system, governed by different principles from those of a set-os are entirely similar under the Code. Thus, under the former practice, though, in an action on contract for labor at a stipulated price per day, the defendant could not set-off a breach of the plain- tiff's implied contract that the work should be faith- fully performed, yet he might prove in recoupment, or mitigation of damages, the unsilful or unfaithful performance.' So, too, a breach of warranty might be given in evidence by way of recoupment in an action by the vendor for the price of the article sold. But recoupment was merely in mitigation of dam- ages or in defeat of the. action, and a balance could not be certified in favor of a defendant.','By the first subdivision of § 150, the counterclaim must be in favor of a defendant and against a .plaintiff between whom a sveral judgment migAt be had.",' 2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 450, § 39. See also § 112, Am. Code. ' 14 John. 377. 4 8 Wend. 109 ' 14 Id. 257.,305
Recoupment being in the nature of a cross-action was never pleaded in bar.' But it may be pleaded under the Code, although not claimed as a full de- fence to the action.' It was always founded on a contract; the right of the plaintiff to sue was ad- mitted, and the defendant instead of bringing a new action against the plaintiff for damages sustained by reason of a breach of another branch of the same contract, was permitted in the same action to i'econp, that is, cut off, or keep back, so much of the plain- tiff's claim. If the defendant's damages exceeded those of the plaintiff, he was necessarily driven to his cross-action, for he could have no affirmative relief. The defendant, it was said, in Batterman v. Pierce," might recoup "where the demands of both parties spring out of the same contract or transaction, al- though the damages on both sides are unliquidated;" though in Cram v. Dresser,' the word " transaction," as here used, was said to denote nothing more than the contract itself and its accessories, and the Superior Court of N. Y. in an action to recover rent on a lease, refused to allow the tenant to recoup damages occa- sioned by tortious acts of the landlord's servant enter- ing to make repairs under a stipulation to that effect in the lease. The injury, it was said, did not arise out of, the breach of any covenant or stipulation of the contract, which was the foundation of the, suit.' The definition used by the Code is still broader than that in Batterman v. Pierce, or, indeed, in any - 2 Coms. 282. ' Willis v. Taggard, 6 How. Pr. R. 433. ' 3 Hill, 171, per BRONSON, J. ' 2 Sand. 120. ' See also 22 Wend. 155. 304,[oH. V.
adjudged case in this state, and would, it is thought, admit such a defence as was shut out in Cram v. Dres- ser, supra. Thelanguage is, "arising outof thecontract or transaction set forth, &c., or comnected with the Euject of the action." The words in italics are some- what vague and indefinite. It is difficult, in the ab- sence of any judicial construction, to say'how far they were intended to extend, and whether designed merely as a qualification of the clause immediately preced- ing, or whether as an independent proposition, al- lowing any defence, no matter whether arising out of the contract or not, so that it be, however remotely, " connected with the subject" matter of the action. I should be slow to believe the latter could have been intended; as for example, that in an action for the price of land sold the defendant could set up a tres- pass by the plaintiff at a subsequent time on the same lands; or in an action to recover the possession of personal property, the defendant could set up and claim judgment upon a promissory note given by the plaintiff for the same property. The words, "sub- ject of the action" should, pet .np be construed not as relating to the thing itself about which the con- troversy has arisen, but as referring rather to the origin and ground of the plaintiff's right to recover, or obtain the relief he asks. Anything necessaiy connected with, that is growing out of, or the direct result of, the contract, or the transactions which the plaintiff alleges as the ground of his demand, may, if a proper subject for a cross-action by the defen- dant, be set up as a counterclaim; but the defendant should be able to trace the origin of his right or
nishes the plaintiff his ground of action. The " sub- ject of the action," in a suit to recover real property, is not the lnd itself but the poesion. In an action for the price of a chattel, the " subject of the action" is not the chattel, but the contract for its sale. A subsequent injury by the plaintiff to the chattel itself would not, therefore, if this position is correct, be a counterclaim "connected with the subject of the action" which the defendant might set up in his de- fence; the claim must be connected with the con- tract of sale. The conclusion drawn from this view of the case is, that the words, "connected with the subject of the action" as used in the section of the Code under consideration, are used merely to qualify the words which immediately precede them. Though the effect of the whole section, therefore, is no doubt, as the commissioners express it, "to open the door still wider and admit many cross-demands now ex- cluded," yet it could not have been intended to ad- mit distinct and independent torts to property, or other claims for damages to be set up as a defence in actions on contract, or other actions affecting the same property, where such defence does not arise out of some part of the transaction which the plaintiff alleges as the ground of his demand.,With this limitation, any matter may now be given in recoupment of damages which exists in favor of a defendant, and against a plaintiff, between whom a several judgment may be had. And if the defen- dant's damages exceed the plaintiff's demand, he may, doubtless, within the meaning of section 2T4, as amended, have a judgment for the balance.,[o. V. 306,THE ANSWE'r
Other u.jects of oro& -action andfor specific relf. -The section under consideration is broad enough to include every variety of claim, whether legal or equit- able, which the defendant, within the limits above men- tioned, may have against the plaintiff, and of which on his part he could have availed himself in a sepa- rate action. Thus in an action founded on a legal title to recover the possession of land, the defendant may now set up an equitable right to a conveyance from the plaintiff, and if he prove himself equitably the owner, with right of possession, and entitled to the conveyance from the plaintiff, he will not only defeat the action, but may obtain his affirmative re- lief. The contrary was held before the amendments in Hill v. McCurthy,' and in Crary v. Goodman.',In Otis v. Sill,' it was denied that a specific lien on property could be enforced in an action for taking the same property, or that such a defence could be set up in such an action, the remedy being purely equitable. But now, in such an action, a defendant may set up his lien in defeat of the plaintiff's right to recover and claim its enforcement, precisely as he might heretofore have obtained such relief by a suit in equity.,In Averill v. Taylor,4 it was intimated but not decided that in an action to restrain a statute fore- closure of a mortgage, and to have the bond and mortgage delivered up and cancelled, the defendant, if he succeeded in his defence, might have a judgment,'1 C. R. 49. '9 Barb. S. C. R. 657. '9 Barb. S. C. R. 103. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 476.
for the foreclosure o~ a mortgage. This, it is certain, he may now have. So too the converse would be true, that in an action to foreclose a mortgage, a defendant may set up facts, shewing himself equitably entitled to have the bond and mortgage delivered up and cancelled.,So also in an action to recover back money paid on a contract for the sale of lands, the defendant may set up the contract and the fact showing his full per- formance, not only in defeat of the action, but as the ground of his own claim against the plaintiff for a specific performance of the contract. And in an action for breach of a covenant in a deed, or condi- tion in an agreement, the defendant may set up by way of counterclaim, a mistake, &c., in the instrument on which the action is founded, and demand that it be reformed or corrected; or in an action for the partition of land, the defendant may set up his own exclusive title and right of possession, by way of claiming judgment in the same action, for the re- covery of the possession; or in a suit to perpetuate the possession and enjoyment of real property, and confirm a title where there has been a loss or destruc- tion of the deed or will, the defendant may deny the title alleged, and set up his own exclusive right of possession and enjoyment.,And generally, it seems, that whatever was here- tofore the proper subject of a cross-bill in equityfor relief, may now be set up by way of counterclaim in the action. Set offs were allowed in equity, as at law by statute; but the defendant, if he had any affirmative relief to obtain, founded on any collateral,[Om V.
the shape of a cross suit, and could not set it up in his answer. A cross bill, however, was generally considered a defence, and the original cause and cross- bill, but one suit;' the time for filing the cross-bill was at the time of putting in the answer, and the defendant might have an order, when both causes were at issue, that they be heard together.' A cross- bill was only necessary when the defendant was en- titled to some affirmative relief. It was held not necessary in the foreclosure of a mortgage in fee, when the answer of one defendant alleged a prior life estate in himself.' A cross-bill could not intro- duce new and distinct matters, not embraced in the original bill ; and it was founded always upon mat- tersin question in the original suit,' and was necessary when the defendant was entitled to some positive re- lief beyond what the scope of the complainant's suit will afford.' Thus to a bill brought to enforce a con- tract, a cross-bill to rescind a different contract re- specting the same property would not lie. But where the vender of land among other things in his bill as- serted a lien for the purchase money against an as- signee of his covenant for a title, the latter might maintain a cross-bill for a recision of that contract.' It lay in a suit for specific performance of an agree- ment, to have the agreement delivered up and can- celled; also, in a bill filed to set aside an agreement,17 John. Ch. R. 252, 8 Cow. 361. 2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 129, 135. '3 Barb. S. C. R. 151. 'Hopk. R. 48. Mits. Eq. P1. 81, Coop. Eq. Pl. 85. 9 Cowen, 747. ' 1 Dana, 589. SEO. IV.],309 aOOTEEEOAIM.
or conveyance, it lay to have the agreement or con- veyance established,,All these various matters, which, under the equity practice, were proper subjects for a cross-bill, where the object was for relief and not discovery, are sup- posed to be within the definition of the term coun- terclaim, as used in the Code, and may be set up by the defendant in the action. It will be impossible to undertake a particular enumeration of the cases in which the cross-bill might be proper in equity, or in which, under our present practice, the counterclaim, which seems to be its substitute, may be used. The above general remarks may perhaps serve to give something of. an idea of its nature and use. It is to be observed, however, that the counterclaim, in one respect at least, is more extensive than the cross-bill. The latter would lie only for equitable reief. If it were brought for a mere legal title, which is the sub- ject of an ejectment, it would be dismissed.' This rule can have no application under the system adopted by the Code,,. Countoclaim, whw etated.-The defendant should set forth his counterclaim substantially in the same manner" as the matter of a complaint, except in the mere formal matter of the commencement, as, for example: " And for a further answer to the plain- tiff's complaint, [or to the first cause of action set forth in the complaint] the defendant says," &c. A cross-bill filed for collateral relief differed in no res- pect from the common form of an original bill, but,' 2 Barb. Ch. Pr. 128.,[C. v. 810,& 2 Birb. Ch. Pr. 128.
stated the injury sought to be redressed. The rules, therefore, heretofore given, and generally the remarks made, ante, chapter iv., section 2, are in all respects applicable to the mode and manner of stating the defendant's counterclaim.,The counterclaim is substantially in the nature of a new action; it is an independent cause of action in itself, and should be required to be stated with the same distinctness, precision, and certainty as the matter in the complaint. If controverted by the plaintiff it is required to be denied by a reply. The same rules, therefore, as to duplicity, hypothetical pleading, striking out redundant and irrelevant mat- ter, &c. &c., will apply.,Recoupment of damages, as we. have seen, could not, in an action at law, be pleaded,' but might be given in evidence under the general issue, with a no tice of such evidence; but such a defence should now be set up or pleaded as a counterclaim, substan- tially, in the manner that the party intending to avail himself of it would state it in his complaint in an independent action.2 The mere fact that the defend- ant has commenced an action for damages on the same claim which has not proceeded to trial or judgment, is not necessarily a bar to his setting up the same matter in the answer by way of recoupment; and it has been so held under the Code,' though he cannot recover such damages, and also have a cross action.,If a defence be founded on a written instrument, for the payment of money only, it will be sufficient to set out a copy of the instrument, and to state the,2 Corns. 252. 2 Willis v. Taggard, 6 How. Pr. R. 433. '3 Sand. 744. sEO. IV.],811
sum due and claimed thereon.' But this also should be understood with the limitation recognized in Lord v. Cheesborough, supra,' that the present defendant must, by some proper averment in the answer, show himself entitled to recover on such instrument against the present plaintiff; and see also on this subject, ante, pages 142 to 145.,It was very properly said in Willis v. Taggard,' that an answer which does not profess to set up a full defence, such as set-off or recoupment of damages, is proper under the Code, and is not subject to de- murrer. An answer, like a plea, should answer all that it professes to answer and no more. If it claim to set up a full defence and fall short of it, it is de- murrable. But if it profess to be only a partial de- fence, it will be held good under the Code.,In Ranney v. Smith,' a set-off was held to be a de- fence within the meaning of section 150 requiring defences to be separately stated and to refer to the causes of action which they were intended to answer. In that case, a set-offwas alleged, consisting of sundry items, among which were four notes, on which the defendant claimed the plaintiff was indebted to him in the sum of five hundred dollars, setting forth copies of the notes. The answer then alleged a judgment against the plaintiff as a set-off, and a chattel mort- gage. The court denied a motion to strike out or set aside that part of the answer relative to the notes,,'Am. Code, § 162. 1 C. R., N. S. 252. 4 Sand. 696. '6 How. Pr. R. 433. Spocial Term, per WILLARD, J. 6 How. Pr. R. 421. Speoial Term, per MARVIN, J.
section 162 the defendant was at liberty to set-out a copy of the note as his statement of demand, and that the copies of these notes were " separate" state- ments within the meaning of section 150. In rela- tion to the manner of stating a defence by way of set-offgenerally, the rule was very clearly laid down by the court in that case, as follows: "That the answer stating the defence of set-off should state, as new matter, the facts constituting the cause of action or demand against the plaintiff as a set-off in the same manner, and with the same particularity, as those facts would be stated in a complaint. And when two or more notes, judgments, or bonds, or other distinct demands, are intended to be set of, each of them should be separately and particularly described, with all the allegations or averments neces- sary to show the liability of the plaintiff and so as to enable him in his reply to take issue by denying any of the material allegations pertaining to each note, judgment, or bond, or other particular demand; or to avoid the same by alleging new matter. But all demands constituting the set-off may be contained in the same statement of new matter in the answer. Each demand, which in a complaint should be separ- ately stated, as constituting by itself a cause of action, being separately described or stated with the neces- sary averments, and all constituting the defence of set-off.",In case a set-off is relied on as a counterclaim, the nature and extent of it should be clearly and distinct- ly stated. It is not sufficient to allege that the plaintiff, previous to the accruing of the demand set,21 SEc. Iv.],COUNTEROAifr.,318
ant on account of previous transactions, in a sum of money equal to the sum claimed by the plaintiff as will appear by the account current rendered by the plaintiff. Under an order to make such an answer more definite and certain by amendment, the de- fendant alleged the set-off to be for work and labor, and for goods, wares, and merchandize, and for money lent, paid, and expended, in the language of the common counts under the old practice; The answer was held bad, and a motion to strike out granted, with costs.',SECTION V. VERFIOATIOI OF THE ANSWER. IN considering the subject of the verification to the plaintiff's complaint, ante, Chap. iv., Sec. iv., the form and manner of the verification in general, was con- sidered, and the consequences of a defective verifica- tion. These remarks are, in the main, applicable to the verification on the part of the defendant. It will be proper in this section to notice, briefly, one or two,Higgins v. Gans, N. Y. Superior Court, per MASON, J., with the concurrence.of the other Justices. 3 Sand. 738. 314,[OH. V. THE A3GWER.
matters in addition,: relating particularly to the an- swer, and first:,Where defendant iy privileged from verifying htis answer.-Under the original Code of 1848, which required all pleadings to be verified, the party might omit a verification whenever he would be privileged from testifying as a witness to the same matter.' It was accordingly held that the verification might be omitted when the court could see that the matter contained in the pleading was such as might aid in forming a chain of testimony to convict him of a cri- minal offence; the criterion being, not whether the pleading might be used against him in a criminal pro- secution, but whether, if called as a witness, he would be excused from answering to the same matter.' And it was enough to excuse the verification, if any of the parties would be i,. ileged from answering, though other parties might not be so privileged; nor need all the statements in the pleading be such as would excuse the party from testifying as a witness; if any part of the pleading was of such a character it need not be verified.',The Code, as amended in 1849,' left it optional with a plaintiff to verify his complaint; but if he did so, the defendant was required to verify his answer also. The section as thus amended contained no clause ex- cusing the party from verifying his answer in certain cases, or providing that the pleading thus verified should not be used against the party on a criminal,' Orig. Code, § 133. ' Clapper v. Fitzgerald, 3 How. Pr. R. 314, per HARRIS, J. 'Id. ' § 157, Code of 1849.,315
the N. Y.' Superior Court very properly held that a party was privileged under the constitution from being a witness against himself in a criminal prose- cution, and he, therefore, need not admit or deny al- legations in the complaint, which, he will state in his answer under oath, might subject him to a criminal prosecution. Such statement in the answer, duly verified according to the Code, would put the allega- tions in issue, and throw the plaintiff on his proof, precisely the same as though an answer had been in- terposed denying the allegation,. The same doctrine was afterward held in another case,' with the concur- rence of three Judges of the same court; and it was also said that the defendant might decline in this manner to reply to such allegations, and answer the residue. In the former' case the rule was applied in an action of assault and battery; in the latter of libel.,The Code of 1851 (which is the same as it now stands) remedied the defect, and supplied the omis- sion in the Code of 1849. It provides that the verifi- cation may be omitted when an admission of the truth of the allegation might subject the party to a prosecution forfelony; and that no pleading can be used in a criminal prosecution against the party, as proof of a fact admitted or alleged in such pleading.',The privilege of a party,:therefore, it seems, is now ' 2 Sand. 684. ' White v. Cummings, 3 Sand. 716. ' See. 157. See whole seetion as quoted, ante, page 219.,__,[CH. V. 316,TEE AWSWER.
to the charge may subject him to prosecutionforfeo-,iy, and he will not be excused from answering a mere misdemeanor, as assault and battery, libel, &c. The privilege is much restricted from what it was original- ly in the Code. Thus, under the original Code, he need not verify the pleading in all cases where he would be "privileged from testifying as a witness;" that is to say where his answer would have a tendency to accuse him of any crime or misdemeaor;', or to expose him to ..iy penalty or forfeidtre,' or in certain cases to degrade his character, &c." He is now, it appears, obliged to answer in all these cases less than felony; and, though his answer cannot be used in any criminal prosecution, as proof of a fact, yet there is no such restriction in the Code as in the Statute, in the case of a mere penalty orforfeiture.',Where a party is privileged from verifying his an- swer to certain allegations in the complaint, which might subject him to prosecution for felony, and there are other material allegations which he would other- wise be bound to answer, the proper course appears to be, if the complaint is sworn to, not to put in a gene- ral answer of denial without verification, but to state as to the objectionable allegations that they might, if admitted in evidence against him, tend to subject him to a prosecution for felony, and answer the residue of the allegations verifying the whole, in the manner pre- scribed by the Code. Such an answer and verifica-,2 R. S. (3d ed.) 503, § 90. See Cow. & Hill's Notes, 738 to 749. Whether the Code or the Statute governs in such case, query?,317 8EO. V.],VEiaMATsON OF.
tion within the case of White v. Cummings,' would put the allegations in issue, and would be sufficient. Or, if it appear on the face of the complaint that the allegation itself is of such a nature as must tend, if true, to render the defendant liable for felony, he might specifically deny it, and answer the residue, verifying the whole of his answer, except the allega- tion so denied.,An answer not verified by oath, when an oath was required, it was held, might be treated as a nullity.' But a pleading which may be treated as' a nullity should be immediately returned, or notice given that it will be disregarded, in order to allow the opposite party to supply the omission, or remedy the defect.',The defendant may verify his answer even though the complaint is not verified, and this, when a counter- claim is set up, ,ill require the plaintiff to verify his reply to such counterclaim.',Separate answers on the part of separate defen- dants, in case a verification is necessary, must be separately verified. Where there are several defen- dants, united i in iteret, who answer together, the verification may be by one alone, if such party is within the county where the attorney resides, and capable of making an affidavit, and is acquainted with thefacts." It is presumed this means personal know- ldge of the facts set up in the answer, and not mere,1 3 Sand. 716. ' 1 C. R. 26, 3 How. 280, 6 L. 0. 317. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 126, 2 Sand. 648, 2 C. R. 15; and as to defective verification, see ante, pages 220, 221, 222.,' Levi v. Jackeways, 4 How. Pr. R. 126. ' Am. Code, § 157. 318,[EnI. v.
belief or hearsay; and if generally acquainted with the facts set up in the complaint, doubtless, one of such joint defendants may properly verify an answer, denying all knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief thereof. The affidavit of verification, when made by one defendant, should show affirmatively that he is acquainted with the facts, and how his knowledge thereof is derived. So also when made by an agent or attorney.' But it seems in both cases to be suffi- cient, when nothing is alleged on information and belief, for the verification to be generally that the answer is true, without swearing that the party is acquainted with the facts. If the defendants are severally liable, as in an action where the drawers and endorsers of a bill or note are sued jointly' and interpose a joint answer, if the complaint is verified, the answer must also be verified by or on behalf of all the endorsers in the manner prescribed by the Code. So held, per EDMONDS, J., in the case of Alfred and others v. Watkins and others.',15 How. Pr.' . 257, 6 Id. 400. Eo. V.],319 2 1C. R., N. S. 343.
SECTION VI. SHAM, IRRELEVANT AND FRIVOLOUS ANSWES AND,DEFENOES. THE original Code provided no way of getting rid of a frivolous answer in a summary way, or of a sham and irrelevant defence. The court, however, for some time before the adoption of the Code had exercised the power of striking out pleas as false,' a practice which it is said was founded on the same considerations which lay at the foundation of the practice of striking out frivolous pleas, namely, to guard against the delay.' But a plea verified under the rules of the court could not be struck out as fAlse, because the court would not try the matter on affidavits,' and the affidavit for the motion was required, not only to allege that the plea was false or frivolous, but to specify wherein the falseness, &c., consisted. If the court was satisfied that such pleas were interposed merely for delay or some other improper motive, and they appeared palpably frivol- ous, or were shown to be palpably false, they were stricken out,' and such also was the practice under the original Code.',' Not, however, the plea of the general issue. 2 Cow. ó35, 6 Id. 34.,'Mier v. Cartlidge, 4 How. Pr. R. 116,8 Barb. 75, per ED- MONDS, J.,1 Hill, 370. '1 Hill 370, 18 Wend. 680. 1 C. R. 38. Id. 72. 3 How. Pr. R. 289.
The amendments of 1849 applied in terms these principles directlyto the practice under the Code.,Section 152, provided that: "Sham answers and defences may be stricken out on motion.",Section 247: " If a demurrer, answer or reply be frivolous, the party prejudiced thereby, upon a previous notice of five days, may apply to a judge of the court, either in or out of the court, for judgment thereon, and judgment shall be given accordingly.",The former of these sections was amended in 1851, by the insertion of the following words in italics, so as to read thus:,"Sham and irrelevant answers and defences may be stricken out on motion, and Tpon s8ch tearns as t/he court may, in their discretion, impose.",In Davis v. Potter,' it was said, that " shlram" was not used in this section as synonymous with "false;" If it were so, the truth of every answer might be tested on special motion. It was said in that case, that "it is only where the answer takes issue upon some im- material averment of the complaint, or sets up new and irrelevant matter, that it can properly be called a sh]am defence";' and also, that a sliam pleading meant nothing different from a friivolous pleading, except that the latter did not necessarily imply that its ob- ject was evasion or delay.,On the other hand, it is said in the later case of Nichols v. Jones,' that the essential element of a sham,4 How. Pr. R. 155. Id. per PARKER, J. 6 How. Pr. R. 355.,321
plea is its falsity; and that the true rule to be adopted, under the Code, is to strike out all answers or defences as sham under section 152, when they appear clearly to be false, whether they are good in point of law on their face or not. In the same case it was said, that a frivolous answer was quite a dif- ferent thing:-" It is an answer which, if true, does not contain any defence to any part of the plaintiff's cause of action; and its insufficiency as a defence must be so glaring that the court can determine it, upon bare inspection, without argument. It differs totally from a sham answer in this, that the one is always assumed to be true, and the other must always be proved to be false. One is always bad on its face; the other generally good. One is decided by inspection; the other by proof aliunde.' The dis- tinction, if any, between afriqvolous and an irrelevant answer was not noticed in this case. But in the very recent case of Harlow v. Hamilton,' JUSTICE WILLARD defines an irrelevant answer to be one which is good in form and true in fact, but which has no relation to the cause; as, for example, a bankrupt's discharge to an action of slander. It, therefore, differs from a sham answer mainly in this, that the one is true in fact, and the other untrue.' Like a frivolous answer, it is to be decided by inspection, and not by proof 'aliunde, while a sham answer must be proved to be false. The one, it is true, may include the other; for,' 6 How. Pr. R.355, per BARCULO, J. Thisagre3s with Darrow v. Miller, 5 How. Pr. R. 247; Seward v. Miller, 6 Id. 312; and Brown v. Jennison, 3 Sand. 372.,' 6 How. Pr. R. 475. 'Id. 322,[on. v.
an irrelevant answer, if not pleaded in good faith, but put in from some unworthy object, as for vexation and delay, may be, although the matter stated therein be true, a sham defence. But if pleaded in good faith, it may be either a frivolous or an inruffcient answer, in the first of which cases, if palpably insuffi- cient, a motion to strike out may be made; and in the last, if there are reasonable doubts of its insuffi- ciency, the objection should be taken by demurrer.',Although I do not doubt that a Siam answer or defence necessarily includes affalse answer, which, had it been true, would have been a valid defence to the action, yet the question is not really of any practical importance. In Mier v. Cartledge, at the New York General Term,' it was held that an answer not veri- sied, might be struck out as false on motion on affida- vits showing its falsity; and that too, notwithstand- ing it amounted to the general issue. In that case it was said that the power of the court to strike out a plea as false, was not derived from the Code, nor was it regulated or touched by it, but was a power which had for a long time been exercised by the court for good reasons. It was never applied under the former practice to the general issue, because a defendant .had a right always to put a plaintiff to proof of his de- mand, whether he had any pretence for doing so or not, and that was done by pleading the general issue. But under the Code an answer is intended to be the vehicle of substantial defence and not the mere in-,6 How. Pr. R. 475, Miln v. Vose,4 Sand. 660. See post, chap. vii. § v.,' 8 Barb. S. C. R. 75.
strument of a formal obstruction to the progress of a cause. An answer, therefore, denying an allegation in the complaint, might as well be stricken out for falsity as any other reason. It was held in this case, however, (overruling the decision on the same point at special term,') that if the answer was 'verified as required by the Code, a motion to strike it out as false could not be entertained. In this decision, Jus- TIOE BAROULO, although intimating a different opinion in Nichols v. Jones,' concurred, and it may be re- garded as the settled practice.' And in respect to the general question of striking out an answer for falsity, or as a sham answer, we may quote the following from the opinion delivered at the general term, in Mier v. Cartledge,' as indicating the practice :-" And I fully concur with the court when in 2 Cowen 637, they said they would suffer the pleading to stand upon a very slight suggestion of its truth. We will not try the question on affidavits, and it has never been the practice to require, in answer to such a mo- tion as this, satisfactory evidence of the truth of the plea or answer. A slight suggestion thereof will be enough; a mere probability of its truth, some reason for believing it to be interposed in good faith, may answer. But when it is manifestly false-where its falsehood is conceded, as in 2 Cowen 637, or its falsehood is sworn to on the one side, and on the other no general or special affidavit of merits is pro- duced, and no pretence is made that the plea is true, as in 18 Wend. 567, and in 1 Barn. and Cress. 286, then,' 4 How. Pr. R. 115. 2 6 How. Pr. R. 360, note. See also 4 Sand. 660. ' 8 Barb. S. C. R. 79.,[CH. V.
it is the well settled practice to strike it out; for in such cases it is clear no injustice can be done." This agrees with what was said in Nichols v. Jones,' and Darrow v. Miller,' that the falsity must be admitted or clearly established. If it were so plain and pal- pable as to admit of indisputable proof, as where it appeared by the affidavit of the plaintiff and was not denied by affidavit on the part of the defendant, the defence would be struck out on motion. The evi- dence of falsity, however, must be clear and indis- putable; and an affidavit, on the part ofthe defendant, of the truth of the answer would be a defence to the motion.',In. resect to an irrelevant answer; that is, one which has no substantial relation to the controversy between the parties to the suit; this also is to be stricken out on motion. It appears that a difference is recognized between an irrelevant and a frivolous answer by the Code, the one being the subject of a motion to strike out by § 152, and the other, of a motion for judgment on account of the frivolousness of the defence by § 247. On a motion to strike out the answer, it has been held that judgment on account of the frivolousness of the answer could not be given. The word " order" in the Code in no case means a judgment.' It may, therefore, sometimes be a matter of importance to ascertain whether an answer is irre- levant or whether frivolous, in order to determine whether to apply for judgment, or simply for an,' 6 How. Pr. R. 357. ' Id. 247. ' See also Garry v. Fowler, 10 L. 0. 16. Darrow v. Miller, 5 How. Pr. R. 247, per SILL, J.,325
order to strike out the pleading on such terms as the court may impose; the defendant to answer, if leave be obtained, within such time as the court may pre- scribe. JUSTICE STRONG, in Seward v. Miller,' defined an irrelevant pleading to be one which has no sub- stantial relation to the controversy between the parties to the suit. This, it is evident, may also in- clude a merely frivolous pleading. If, indeed, there exists any substantial difference between the two, so far as the remedy of the party aggrieved is Concerned by the Code, it must be that indicated in Darrow v. Miller.' Thus, an irrelevant defence is one which " may be true in point of fact, but is so impertinnent, or so grossly fivolous, that the court cannot but see that the object is to delay or perplex the plaintiff in- stead of presenting a defence. The objection to such a pleading is the same in principle as that to a plead- ing which is known to be false; both being a fraud upon the practice of the court, and a mockery of legal proceedings.' In such case, the pleading should be struck out from the record; but unless there appear a want of good faith in the pleader, the pleading, though technically frivolous, should remain on the record." For a party has a right to have any defence honestly interposed, passed upon, not only in the court of original jurisdiction, but in the court of appeal. In such a case, the remedy of the party alleging the frivolousness of the pleading is, if he desires a summary decision, to move for judgment under section 247 of the Code. There is much force,6 How. Pr. R. 313. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 247. 'Id., per SILL, J.
in these views, and if generally adopted as a rule of practice, they might reconcile in a measure the con- flicting opinions on this subject. Thus, in case of an irrelevant answer, that is, one which has no substan- tial relation to the controversy, if it be so grossly impertinent or frivolous that the court cannot but see that it was intended to delay and perplex the plain- tiff, it should be struck out on motion. Such, for ex- ample, as in an action on contract, if the defendant should set up in, defence an equal amount of damages claimed for an assault and battery. But if the irre- levancy is not plainly apparent; that is, if doubts are entertained as to the sufficiency in law of the answer, and the opinion of the court is desired, the answer should be suffered to remain on the record, and the plaintiff to be put to his demurrer.' So, too, in case of an answer so grossly frivolous, or manifestly eva- sive, as to be perfectly apparent that it was not pleaded in good faith, but merely for vexation and delay, it should be struck out as irrelevant and sham;' but if not apparently pleaded in bad faith, and yet palpably insufficient in law as a defence, judgment should be applied for' under section 247. If, however, the question as to its sufficiency is not perfectly plain, but is the subject for an argument, the plaintiff should be put to his demurrer.,'Nichols v. Jones, 6 How. Pr. R. 358. See cases Mott v. Burnett, 1 0. R. N. S. 225; Hance v. Rem- ing, Id. 204; Richardson v. Wilton, 4 Sand. 708.,In Harlow v. Hamilton, 6 How. Pr. R. 475, it is intimated that in very gross cases such an answer maybe treated as a nullity. The correctness of such a practice, however, may vell be doubted.
I understand that afrivolous differs from an i're- levant answer in this. The first, assuming it to be true, and pertinent to the action, clearly and beyond con- troversy, constitutes no cause of action or defence, and raises no issue capable of trial between the par- ties. The second, assuming it also to be true, com- prises matters which might constitute a proper cause of action or defence, that is, which are well pleaded in point of form, but which have no possible connec- tion with the subject of the controversy, and, there- fore, are manifestly insufficient as a defence to the action.',SECTION VII. SUPPLEMENTAL ANSWER. THE defendant is allowed by the court to make a supplemental answer, by leave of. the court, alleging material facts occurring after his former answer, or of which he was ignorant when it was made.',This is in place of the cross bill in the nature of a plea puie darien, and the supplemental answer in equity, and of the plear pu darien continuance at law.,' See Harlow v. Hamilton, 6 How. Pr. R. 475. * Am. Code, § 72. 328,[OH. V.
In equity, a supplemental answer was allowed to correct an error-as a mistake in a matter of fact, or to set up facts of which the defendant was ignorant, at the time of the answer; or facts which he wished to set uip in his answer, but was induced to leave out by the mistaken advice of his counsel.' The Code, however, it seems, restricts the right to file a supple- mental answer, in all their cases of error, to the one class of facts mentioned in the above section, namely, "of which the party was ignorant when his former pleading was made.",A supplemental answer was also allowed in some cases, to present new matter of defence occurring as- ter the former had been put in. Thus it was held, that where, after answer filed, the defendant obtained an exemption of his person from imprisonment under the act, he might file a supplemental answer to pre- vent that fact.' So where, in a suit for divorce, the complainant commits adultery after the answer of the defendant is put in, she will be permitted, if she ap- plies immediately after the discovery of the fact, to setup that defence by supplemental answer.' She might also set up, by cross-bill, in the nature of a plea p2ui darien continuance.' And generally, in equity, the defendant should set up new matter of defence, which had arisen after'the cause was at issue, by cross- bill in the nature of a plea puis darien continuance, and could not do it by supplemental answer,' as if the complainant had released the defendant, or there had been an award made on reference after issue joined,,' 1 Barb. Ch.Pr. 165. ' Anon. IIopk. 27.1 ' 4 Paige, 432. ' Id. 3 Barb. Ch. R. 613. '10 Paige, 485. 11Id. 18.,22 sEac ,vII.,329
'tintion between a sdpplemeital aswer setting up ine -itatt, -aind a cAbsbili in the aiture of a pplesb pa &'i h bontinumc, and to give the defóedant, lby ipplemiental answer, all the Tielief he 'could .ave had in either form of pleadibg.,At -7aw.--NeW matter of defence, ariing after isshie joined, might bo pleaded dpu~s darien continuancs. As that th'e plaintiff ad given a release, or there hadt beeih n. award after issue Joined, 'o an ccord and satisfaction, or when two actions have been biiought for the Bame cause, as against ''akers and en- 'dorers of a promiissory note, judgment satisfied in 'one siiit ight be pleaded pui dien continuance to thIe other suit.' The plea 'mrst properly be inter- p'6s'd before verdict,' rep ors ieferees. It might be pleaded on the irial When the cause was called, or at any time after, before ie. jury have actually de- liVeied their verdict.' But ia insolvent has been allowed to plead his dischgie, even .after verdict.' The plea wa not reiquired to be verified, unless ten- dered at the circuit, and it 'as put in without leave 'of the coirt. Its tefec't, when offered at the 'tial, wai to suspend the 'frther proceedings in' the ciuie, 'onh uch terms as the bourt might grant, as to costs. it'was, however, in the discretion of the cobit toTe- ceive the plea or not, even after i'ore than one con-,'2 'Barb. Ch. Pr. 128. 5 John. 392. 9 Id. 221. 6 Peters, 232. Gould PI. 124. 1 Cowen, 42. '12 John. 218. Grab. Pr. 296. '.9 John. 392. '9 John. 250. 1 Wend. 89.,1 1 ~~~i-~j~,[oil. t.
tinuaneb has intervened, and this discretion, it was said, woUld .be governed by circumstances extrinsic, and which cannot appear on the face of the plea,' A. plea pus :daria 'continuance was not 'a departure from, but a Waiver of the former plea, and;no advan. tage could afterward be taken of it, nor could the plaintiff proceed thereon;' but this rule was qualified so as not to apply unless the party abandons the de- fence before relied on, and assumes a new one.'. If the plea was only an answer to a part of a claim, or went to one of several counts or causes of action, it was a waiver of prior pleas only, po tanto.',How pleaded.-These rules as modified by the Code, it is presumed are still in force. Thus the Code permits a supplemental answer in the nature of a plea puis doien, to be pleaded only on obtaining leave of the court to do so as formerly under the equity practice. Where, therefore, the matter does not arise, or is not discovered, till at the trial, the court will stay proceedings and put the cause over on such terms as' may be proper, to enable the defendant to. make his motion. The latitude and discretion given by:the Code to the courts, in respect-to amendments, do not apply, it seems, so far as to allow supplemental answers to be put in, in cases other than those pre- scribed in section 17W. The supplemental answer, it would appear, is not to be used to correct errors or mistakes, as it might have been under the Chancery practice, but is to be confined to its proper sphere of,' 10 John. 160. 19 Wend. 639. '5 Peters, 224. 13 Id. 136, 152. 10 Wend. 675. 14 Id. 161. * 2 Wend. 800. ' 19 Id. 699. SEO.YIL],388
curred after the former answer, or of which the party shall show himself ignorant at the time of the plead- ing. If the ~defendant had knowledge of the fact sought to be pleaded at the time of the former plead- ing, and neglected to do so, he cannot supply the omission by supplemental answer, or even, it seems, unless for very special reasons, by amendment. So held by JUSTIcE HAND in Houghton v. Skinner, at special term.',The matters which may be thus pleaded, other than those of which the party was ignorant, must be such as occur after the former pleading. A defence arising after the commencement of the suit and be- fore answer, should be pleaded in bar of the action.' So too any matter of counterclaim, except a set-off in an action of contract. By section 150, Amended Code, the set-off must exist at the time of the com- mencement of the action. Suppose after suit com- menced on contract, and before answer, a cause of action accrues to defendant against the plaintiff for breach of another contract, can he avail himself of such defence in the same suit ? The cause of action must exist at the commencement of the suit, and could not therefore be directly pleaded in defence as a counterclaim; but if the breach had occurred after answer, might it not be set up as a new fact material to the case in a supplemental answer ? Payment may be pleaded puti darien continuance,' and if made after suit is brought it must be so pleaded.' There,5 How. Pr. R. 420. ' 5 Hill, 317. '7 John. 399. * Denio, 821.,[Cn. V. 332,ITE A.SRVEB.
is certainly an equitable right with the defendant independent of the Code, to have a claim against the plaintiff set boff against the plaintiff's demand of a like nature; as in equity one judgment' might be set against another, and I do not perceive why such a set off occurring after the answer, at least in a contract directly between the parties, should not be allowed by way of supplemental answer.,The court, before granting leave to put in a sup plemental answer, must be satisfied that the facts to be set up are material to a defence. A. release from the defendant to the plaintiff, in an action to recover personal property, cannot be pleaded puis darien to the sheriff's action on the replevin bond.' A sub- mission to arbitration is merely a discontinuance, and cannot be pleaded.' But an arbitration and award, as well as an accord and satisfaction, are defences, and if occurring after the answer, are proper to be set up in the supplemental answer. Nor need it be matter which will constitute an entire defence. It is suffi- cientif it be a fact material to the ,.ase;--a fact which will go towards'establishing a defence. Thus, in Rud- ley v. Houghtaling,' in an action for assault and bat- tery, JUSTICE PARKER allowed a supplemental answer to be put in, setting up that since the commencement of the suit another action for slander had been com- menced by the defendant againt the plaintiff, in which the plaintiff set up the same assault and battery, in mitigation of damages, whereby the verdict was re duced to six cents. " I think," he remarks, " the facts,: 12 Wend. 302. ' 2 Hill, 387. 4 How. Pr. R. 251. a vnII.],338
the case. How far they will go toward establishing a defence it is not necessary to say. That question will be deciS d at the circuit, in such a form as to afford either party an opportunity to review the de- cision." Leave was granted to put in such answer within ten days, with twenty days to the plaintiff to reply.,A supplemental answer differs from an amended answer. Where one of the defendants transferred to a person not a party to the suit his interest, after the action was commenced, it was held that the plaintiff could not amend his complaint, but must apply for leave to make such person a party by supplemental complaint.' The same rule, it is presumed, applies to the answer; the fact, however, must occur after the former answer, and not intermediate the time it was put in and the commencement of the suit. An amended pleading takes the place of and supercedes the original.' The defence, by way of supplemental answer, is not a matter of right, but rests in the dis- cretion of the court, if a term has intervened since the happening, and the defendant has neglected to apply at the first opportunity.','1 C. R., N. 8. 180. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 174. 4 John. 255. 10 Id. 161. 19 Wend. 639. 884,[o TV. THE AMNWL
CHAPTER VI.,THE REPLY. THE object of the Reply under the Code as now amended is merely to controvert and put in issue new matter set up by way of oounerclain in the answer. Any other new matter in the answer is, for the purpose of the trial, considered as controverted without any denial on the part of the plaintiff The subject of the reply will be considered under the fol- lowing general divisions:-,1st. What the reply must contain and how pleaded. 2d. Verification of the reply. 8d. Frivolous and supplemental reply.,SECTION . WHAT THE SEPLY MUST CONTAIN AND HOW PLEADED.,THE Code as lately amended contains the following provision in respect to the reply:-
When the answer contains new matter constituting a counterclaim, the plaintiff may, within twenty days, reply to such new matter, denying generally or specifically each allegation controverted by him, or any knowledge or infor- mation thereof sufficient to form a belief; and he may allege in ordinary and concise language, without repetition, any new matter, not inconsistent with the complaint, constituting a defence to such new matter in the answer; or he may de- mur to the same for insufficiency, stating in his demurrer the grounds thereof; and the plaintiff may demur to one or more of several counterclaims set up in the answer, and re- ply to the residue.',The above language in relation to the denial by the plaintiff of the counterclaim is the same in all respects with that of section 149 respecting the de- nial by the defendant of the plaintiff's answer, with one exception,, namely,' that the word "material" is omitted. The answer of the defendant by section 149, must contain a denial of " each material allega- tion," &c. The omission, however, is unimportant; the intention manifestly being to require nothing further by way of denial from the plaintiff in his reply, than from the defendant in his answer.' This is the more apparent from the fact that, by section 168,' it is only " every material allegation of new matter in the answer constituting a counterclaim>" not controverted, which is to be taken as true. It is not necessary, therefore, for a party in his reply, any more than in an answer, to controvert, or to confess and avoid, an immaterial allegation in the answer, no matter under what form of irrelevant or 'redundant ma ter it,Code of 1852, § 153. '7 L. 0. 240. * Am. Code, 1852.,[CH. t. 336
may appear, whether as a conclusion of law, cr mat- ters of mere evidence, or other matters of surplus- age.,The section above quoted has been amended at every session of the Legislature since the Code, at which amendments have been made. Under the Original Code, the reply was made to contain a pao- tiular denial of each allegation of the answer con- troverted by the plaintiff, or of any knowledge thereof sufficient to form a belief; and also "any new matter, not inconsistent with the complaint, in avoidance of the answer.' No demurrer was permitted to the reply. The amendment of 1849 retained this language, but permitted the plaintiff to reply " generally or parti- cularly," and allowed a demurrer to the reply for " inuffiienncy." It also permitted the plaintiff to demur to one or more defences and answer the residue.',This was amended in 1851, by requiring a specific denial to each allegation of new matter, constituting a defence or set-off; and authorizing the plaintiff to allege in his complaint " any new matter, not incon- sistent with the complaint, constituting a defence to such new matter in the answer."' The section, as finally amended in 1852, is above quoted; the only important alteration being in restoring the general denial and in limiting the reply to such new matter as constitutes a counterclaim, that word being substi- tuted for the term set-off.,Original Code, §131. 'Code of 1849, § § 153 and 155.L 'Code of 1851, § 163.,33T
The use of the reply in pleading, it will be observed. has been very much restricted by the late amends ment. Heretofore it was necessary, not only to take isaue upon every material fact alleged by way of de- fence in the answer, but also to set up specifically such new matter in the reply as the defendant in, tended to rely upon in avoidance of the answer. Thus, in Walrod v. Bennett,' the defendant answered that the plaini who brought the suit jointly, were not the joint owners of the property. This averment was held new matter requiring a reply; arid if not specifically controverted, was to be regarded as ad- mitted on the trial. In that case, it was held that, not only was no evidence required to establish the fact, but evidence to contradict it was inadmissible. All this is changed under the present amendments. Such an answer, and indeed any answer setting up new matter not constituting a counterclaim, is deemed to be controverted precisely the same as though the plaintiff had put in a reply traversing the allegations. This, however, suggests a question of some import, ance. A. a repl6 in any aeae Bnees ary or atlowdab to new matter in th a~wor, ,not constituting a cownter- daim?,1. I. it ./ owabl4t?-It seens to me, from the language of the Code, that the platiff is at liberty, if he thinks proper, to set up any miteria allegations by way of avoidance to any new matter in the answer, whether such new matter relate to a counterclaim or not. The language is, that he may allege " any new matter, not inconsistent with the complaint, constitut-,' Barb. S. C. R. 144, at General Term, 5th District.,[CX. VI.
ing a defence to such new matter in the answer." It may be said, perhaps, with truth, that the term " such new matter" relates to the first clause of the section, namely, new matter constituting a counter- claim. Granting this to be so, still there does a6t appear to be anything in the Code to prohibit such a reply, and a variety of causes might be very readily mentioned in which it would be manifestly proper. Thus, for example, take the case provided for by statute' where a defendant pleads a discharge under the United States bankrupt law, in which case, under the old practice, the plaintiff might generally reply that such discharge was obtained by fraud, and give notice specifying the acts of fraud on which he relied to sustain his case.-Would not a reply, in such a case, be allowable? Even if not strictly within the letter of the Code, how could a defendant take advantage of it ? The only way it could be reached, would be by motion, to strike out such matter as ir- relevant or redundant matter; but this is done only on motion of a person " aggrieved;" and in such case, instead of being aggrieved, it appears on the face of the papers, that the defendant is actually bene- fitted by being thus apprised of the very point on which the plaintiff relies to avoid the effects of the discharge.,An answer of infancy is a similar case. The reply sets up that the goods furnished were necessaries, or sets up a new promise by the infant on arriving at fall age; there seems no sufficient reason for striking ont such a reply as irrelevant or redundant matter;,'Session Laws 1846, p, 305.,839
but in such a case, perhaps, the court might hold the plaintiff strictly to the matter set up, and not suffer him to avoid the defence in any other manner, parti- cularly if it appeared that the defendant had been misled by it in preparing for the trial. Many other cases might be cited by way of illustration, but the above will be sufficient.,I conclude, therefore, that by the rules of pleading under the Code, the reply may contain, instead of a general denial of the allegations in the answer, whether relating to a counterclaim or not, an admis- sion thereof, and any new and sufficient matter in avoidance not inconsistent with the complaint. This opinion is confirmed by the fact that the amended Code of 1852 retains section 155 as it stood before, providing that if the reply of the plaintiff to any defence set up by the answer of the defendant be in- sufficient, the defendant may demur thereto.,2. Is such reply ever necessary ?-This is a more difficult question. For, if it be admitted that such a reply is proper and allowable. I am not prepared to say, but it might, in some cases, be actually necessary, in order, as in the case of bankruptcy above alluded to, to authorize the plaintiff to give the evidence on which he relies to invalidate or avoid the effects of the defence. The Code provides that the " allega- tion of new matter in the answer, not relating to a counterclaim, or of new matter in a reply, is to be deemed controverted by the adverse party as upon a .direct denial or avoidance, as the case may require ;"' ·that is, so far as the pleadings are to be received as,' Am. Code, § 168. 840,[oH vI.
evidence in the action on the trial thereof. The alle- gations in the answer are to be deemed controverted; . e., the plaintiff deiies them to be true, and throws upon the defendant the burden of the proof. Un- doubtedly the plaintiff will then be allowed to offer evidence to disprove the defence, the same as may be done under any other issue. But under such a general traverse, may the plaintiff, in all cases, if the defence re- lied on be established, be permitted to prove a distinct matter in avoidance of the defence without setting it up and apprising the defendant of the nature thereof?,It is not quite clear what is meant by the expres- sion " controverted as upon a direct denial, or avoid- ance." The term controverted, as used elsewhere in the Code, it seems, means a mere denial or traverse;' the term avoidance, implies an admission of the fact, and the two appear to be in some degree incompa- tible. We can readily understand how an allegation may be deemed controverted as upon a denial, but not how it may be deemed controverted as upon an avoidance. Matter pleaded in avoidance of a cause of action or defence, does not in this sense controvert; that is, traverse, or deny, the cause of action or de- fence. If, therefore, the term controverted is to be regarded as the controlling word of the sentence, then section 168 may be construed merely as limiting the effect of the pleading as evidence in a cause,' and not as conferring on the plaintiff the right of rebutting a defence by evidence, going merely in avoidance, in the same manner as though such rebutting matter,' See § 149 Am. Code. ' See post, chap. viii., see. 3.,341.
had been specially set up by a reply. The language of the section is, at all events, fairly open to this criticism, and though, perhaps, the framers of the Code (or of the amendments) may have intended to admit any reply in evidence to such new matter without being pleaded, yet it is for the courts, in their discretion, to say whether it should be so con- strued or not.,A' defendant sets up, by way of answer, the statute of limitations in an action on contract. No reply is put in. The defence is not to be taken as true, but is deemed controverted by the plaintiff-and the de- fendant must strictly prove it. Suppose the plain- tiff rely on a new promise to take the case out of the statute. The new promise, it has been lately held' is the substantial ground of the action; may the plaintiff give it in evidence without setting it up in his reply ? In other words, may he prove his real cause of action without stating it anywhere in his pleadings? He fully admits the fact alleged in the answer, that the cause of action did not accrue with- in six years next before the commencement of the action, and therefore, but for a new fact, which has given him a new cause of action, is fully discharged. This new fact it appears to us should be set up in the reply. Even though the construction be correct that the Code does not absolutely demand it in order to let in the evidence, yet the safer and more prudent course would be in all cases to plead this new fact, and apprise the opposite party of the real cause of action; for a judge might well hesitate to admit such,' 2 Coma. 523. 342,[Co. VI
evidence (if duly objected to,) on the ground that the defendant was at least entitled to be apprised of the real cause of action in order to be prepared to meet it. The same would be true if the plaintiff relied on a new promise, in cases where infancy was pleaded, bankrupt discharged, &c. &c.1,From the best attention which could be given to this subject, however, I felt constrained to observe by a 'careful comparison of sections 153 & 168 that the in- tention of the legislature, so far as it can be inferred from language, appears to me to be, to do away entire- ly with the necessity of any reply, in any case, to new matter not constituting a counterclaim, and to per- mit the adverse party, on the trial, to controvert such new matter, or to avoid it by any competent testi- mony which he may have, and by the proof of any matters which would be a proper reply to such alle- !gations. Yet in cases of doubt it will be always proper and prudent to set up in the reply matter which merely goes in avoidance of the defendant's defence, though such defence does not constitute a counterclaim; and such it is believed is the practice of the best practitioners.,If, instead of not replying at all, the plaintiff should put in a reply admitting such new matter to be true, there gan be no doubt that the defendant would be relieved from the necessity of proving such defence, and that the cause might be brought on for hearing on the pleadings alone. If the new matter which,' And see case of Manning v. Whitbeck, cited ante, page 151, wherein it was said that the plaintiffs having neglected to set forth their whole case in the complaint, must bring forward the ne- cessary allegations in the form of a reply. *Busi r.1,343
the plaintiff wishes to set up, by way of reply in avoidance of the defendant's answer, is inconsitent with a denial thereof, he should accompany it with an admission of the fact in the answer which he wishes to avoid. Thus in case the answer alleges that more than six years have elapsed since the cause of action accrued, the plaintiff, if he relies on a new promise, should admit such allegations in the answer to be true, and set up the fact of the new promise in consideration of the pre-existing debt, in avoidance. If the consideration, that is the pre-existing debt, be not denied in the answer, the new promise will be the only point in issue between the parties, and this the plaintiff must prove in order to entitle him to recover.,Reply to tounterclaim.-If the defendant set up a counterclaim in his answer the plaintiff in his reply must either traverse, or confess and avoid it. We have already considered the nature of a counterclaim, and what matters may thus be pleaded.' It is in the nature of a cross-action, and, as has been seen, is to be stated substantially, according to the rules which govern the statement of an original cause of action. ,The reply of the defendant to such counterclaim is, in all respects, similar to the defendant's answer to a complaint. And first:,The Denial.-The plaintiff's reply must deny " generally or specifically each allegation controvert- ed by him, or any knowledge thereof, sufficient to form a belief." In treating of the defendant's answer we have already considered this subject, and it will,'Ante, ohao. v sec 4
be sufficient to refer to what was there said in respect to it, ante, pages 240 to 251.,If the plaintiff fails to reply the defendant may move for judgment, as for want of an answer; but, not, i; seems, if there is another issue of fact remain- ing undisposed of, that is, such an issue as, if found in favor of the plaintiff, would be decisive of the cause.' Where a plaintiff has already put in a reply to an answer, which contains also on the same paper a demurrer, and the defendant subsequently serves the same answer, without the demurrer, this is not an amended answer requiring a new reply.' So, too, in case a reply has been put in to an answer not verified, and the defendant subsequently serves the same an- swer verified, this is not an amended answer, and the plaintiff need not reply to the same under oath; the verification being no part of the pleading. But a supplemental answer requires a reply if it set up mat- ter by way of counterclaim. And a plaintiff, it has been held, under the Code, may, in some cases, reply new matter in avoidance, which occurred after the answer had been served; as, where the answer al- leged the pendency of another action for the same demand, the plaintiff discontinued such action afAer answer served, and replied that the suit was discon- tinued; the court held that the reply being true at the time it was put in, was a sufficient answer to the defence.' This doctrine, however, is questionable, and the rule, even if correctly applied in the case last cited, is by no means to be regarded as general,,1 C. R., N. S. 200. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 207. 3 C. R. 215. ' Bcales v. Cameron, 3 How. Pr. B. 414.,23,345
ant's answer by way of setooff, without costs, and after answer put in, might be replied in bar of the de- fence. The learned justice, in the above decision, re- ferred to the case of White v. Smith,' under the old practice, to show that such was then the rule. In that case, however, a rule to discontinue the first suit had actually been entered (though the costs had not been paid) before the second suit was commenced, and the court held that the plaintiff might, after an- swer received, have paid the costs of the first suit and replied the discontinuance, because the payment would have related back to tle time the rule of dis- continuance was entered, which was prior to the com- mencement of the second suit. The case cited, there- fore, does not sustain the decision. The correct rule, undoubtedly, is, that all matters arising after suit can only be available to the plaintiff, by supplemental complaint or reply, on leave of the court, pursuant to section 177 of the Code. Where, however, a plaintiff by mistake omits to make a reply, he may be allowed to do so in the discretion of the court, on such terms. ty be just;' and that too even after the cause ha na heard before a referee, where the complaint aswer do not bring up the whole merits of the .iise.',The denial in the plaintiff's reply, it will be seen, may be general or specific. If the answer is verified, the defendant has a right to have a reply in proper,' 4 Hill, 166. ' Am. Code, § 174. * Merritt v. Slocum, 1 C. R., N. S. 68.,[CH. VL 346,THE KEPLY.
form from the plaintiff also verified. If the plaintiff, therefore, adopts the general form of denial, it will not be sufficient for him to say that he denies the de- fendant's answer in manner and form, &c.; that is, that he denies it as a whole. The denial should be the same as the general denial by defendant in his answer. He must deny " each allegation" set forth in the answer by way of counterclaim; so that, if one material allegation of such answer be true, the plain- tiff cannot use this general form of denial, because he will not be able to verify its truth.,New matter in the reply.-Besides the general or specific denial of new matter in the answer constitut- ing a counterclaim, the plaintiff, in his reply, may " allege, in ordinary and concise language, without repetition, any new matter not inconsistent with the complaint, contittittng a defence to suc1h new matter in the answer." That is to say, he must allege it, if he expects it to form part of the subject matter in issue, or to be allowed to prove it on the trial. The reader is referred to what was said, ante, pages 241 to 248, relative to admitting defences under a general or specific denial, without setting them up as new matter; and it is scarcely necessary to repeat here that those remarks are entirely applicable to the reply. Thus, suppose the defendant, by way of counterclaim, should set up an off-set, as, for ex- ample, a matter of account, a promissory note, or any other demand arising on contract. This matter must be stated substantially the same as though embraced in a complaint in an original action; and the reply may traverse, or confess, and avoid it in the same,347
THE REPLY.,[on. VI. way; and the plaintiff, under a general or special denial, may give in evidence, anything going to show thai no sufficient contract was made, within the limi- tations, and in the same manner as the defendant might do to the plaintiff's complaint.,Wbht must and what mztst not be alleged as new matter in the reply to a counterclaim ;-what may and what need nzot be alleged, have been sufficiently con- sidered under their respective heads in the chapter treating of the answer, to which the reader is re- ferred.',So, too, in respect to irrelevant and redundant matter in the reply, and when, and in what cases, it will be struck out on motion; the rules are entirely similar to those which govern the answer. In giving proper effect to the word " aggrieved" in the section relative to this subject,' it is presuied that, in respect to the reply, as to matters in avoidance in the answer, which require no traverse, a more liberal rule will be adopted than in regard to the complaint. That is to say, as has been elsewhere observed in this section, should the reply set up matters material in proof to the issue, and which, if proved, will bar the defend- ant's defence, if these matters be well stated accord- ing to the rules of pleading of the Code, they should not be considered irrelevant or redundant, even though not strictly required to be set up by the Code. It will not, in such case, be sufficient for the party who moves to strike out such matters, merely to say that he may be aggrieved. He is not required,'Ante, ihap. v., see. 3. 'Am. Code, § 160.
to controvert them by any other pleading on his part, and he should, at least, be able to satisfy the court how, or in what manner, he may be aggrieved; if that fact is not apparent on the face of the papers, it should be made to appear by evidence aliunde.,The Reply munt be consistent with complaint.-This rule, it will be perceived, is applicable to the reply alone, and can have no reference to the answer. Under the old system of pleading it was a settled rule that the replication must not depart from the declaration in any material matter, and the rule affected equally rejoinders and all subsequent pleadings.' A depar- ture in pleading was said to be when a party quits or departs fiom the case or defence which he has first made and has recourse to another;' as in assumpsit by an executor on several promises which were all laid to have been made to the testator, to which the defendant pleaded the statute of limitations, and the plaintiff replied a subsequent promise to himself; the replication was held to be a departure, and therefore bad.' A departure in pleading, was matter of sub- stance and to be taken advantage of by general demurrer.',Under the code, as under the old practice, the plaintiff is not permitted to quit, or depart from the case made by him in his complaint. The reply may allege new matter " not inconsistent with the com- plaint." It is to be observed, however, that matter which maintains and fortifies the declaration was not a departure; nor would such matter be "inconsis-,1 Chit. PI. 634. ' Id. ' 2 Sauud. 63. ' 20 John. 163. SEO. L],349
tent" under the code. Thus in trespass for an assault at H. if the defendant pleads molliter manus imosu.it, to remove the plaintiff from his close at A., and the plaintiff reply that he had a right of way over that close, it is not a departure.' So in an action of debt on a judgment, the defendant pleaded an insolvent discharge, and the plaintiff replied that the judgment was rendered in another state in certain notes and promises in writing made prior to the discharge. 'This was held to be not inconsistent with the declara- tion, and no departure therefrom; but on the conw trary, was matter merely explanatory of the declara- tion and tending to support and fortify it.' In a case not reported,' commenced under the Code, the action was upon a promissory note in the individual name of the president of a bank organized under the general banking law. The complaint did not show that the note was owned by the bank. The defendant's answer alleged that the plaintiff was not the real party in interest, but that the note was owned by the bank. The plaintiff replied that the bank was organized under the act of 1838, (which authorizes the president to sue in his own name), and that the plaintiff was the president of such bank. The de- fendant demurred to the reply, on the ground of its being a adparture from, and inconsistent with, the complaint. The demurrer was overruled at the cir- cuit, and judgment affirmed on appeal at General Term.,There have been but few adjudicated cases as to 'Chit. PI. 637. "1 Cow. 316. 'Beekman v. Cutler, January Term 1851, 3d district.
what matters in the reply are to be deemed inconsis. Wnt with the complaint under the Code. It may perhaps be laid- down as a safe rule in framing the pleading, that whatever would have been a departure under the old system in matters of substance, and reached by a general demurrer, may be considered an inconsistent reply under the Code, and therefore defective. Thus in Brand v. Schenectady & Troy E. R. Co.,' a case under the Code where the complaint alleges injury to the plaintiff in consequence of being carelessly run against by the engine of defendant, and the answer denied the careless management of the engine, but charged that the injury was occasion- ed by the plaintiff's own carelessness; and the reply set up that the injury was occasioned by the bad condition of the track of the road, whereby the plain, tiff was hindered and delayed in crossing it; this was said by the court to be a departure in pleading. But as no objection was taken before, or at the trial, the objection, it was held, was waived.,A more difficult question arises as to the proper mode of taking the objection to an inconsistent reply; whether by demurrer or by motion to strike out the reply as irrelevant.' In the case of Beekman v. Cut- ler, last cited, it was held at the circuit by the jus- tice who overruled the demurrer,' that a demurrer would not lie to a reply which was sufficient in sub, stance though it might be a departure from the com- plaint; the proper course was by motion to strike out as irrelevant. The general term, on affirming,' 8 Barb. S. C. R. 376. See post, chap. vii. § 3. ' Per WRIGHT, J. FBO. I.],351
[ciI. vi. this judgment delivered no opinion, though, it is pre- sumed, the ground of the decision at the circuit was concurred in. Section 155 of the Amended Code authorizes a demurrer when the reply is "'insli.ff dient." In Rae v. The Washington Mutual Insurance Co.,' JUSTICE GRIDiEY notices this point, without however deciding it. The question, it was said, might arise as to what defects will render a reply in- ,suficient. Whether ii.suffi(cient as an answer to the previous pleading in matters of substance; or insuf- ficient as a complaint with the rules of pleading of the Code. The question was not adjudicated in that case, the decision being placed on other grounds. But in Fry v. Bennett,' the N. Y. Superior Court held that the term inf~icient related not only to an ab- solute defect in pleading in matters of substance as a defence or reply to a previous pleading, but also to a violation of'the rules of pleading prescribed by the Code, and that where a pleading violated these rules, it might be demurred to for insufficiency. This de- cision corresponding in some respects with the deci- sion of the same court in Fabricotte v. Launity,' it is presumed may be safely adopted as a precedent. A reply which does not serve to maintain and fortify the complaint, but is a departure fiom, and inconsis- tent with it, is insufficient as an answer to the pre- vious pleading within the rule laid down by the Code, and may, therefore, be reached by demurrer. I see no reason why such a reply may not also be struck out on motion as irrelevant. The niotion is to,'6 How. Pr. R. 4. ' 1 C. R., N. S. 239. '2 Sand. 743. 352
be decided on the- same principles as a demurrer;' and if the matter is struck out the party aggrieved may appeal.' An incon.-i-stent reply, is certainly ir- rekvant to the matter in controversy, even though it may contain matters which otherwise would avail the plaintiff in making out a cause of action. Jus- TICE BARCULO, in Bedell v. Stickels lays down a rule which perhaps may be very safely adopted in prac- tice in cases like these, namely, that if the matter set up in the pleadings is not clearly irrelevant it should not be struck out on motion, but the party should be left to his demurrer.,Reply may be part of awswer.-The plaintiff may demur to one or more of several counterclaims set up in the answer, and reply to the residue. When it is said, however, that a plaintiff may demur to part of a defence and reply to the residue, it must be under- stood to mean only in those cases where two or more separate and distinct defences are set up in the answer. A demurrer will not lie to part of an entire defence; therefore a plaintiff cannot select from the answer certain matters not constituting an entire de- fence and demur to them, and at the same time reply to the residue.' The meaning of the Code is, that where the defendant sets up more than one entire and complete counterclaim in his defence, the plaintiff may reply to one or more of them, and demur to the residue. Where a demurrer and a reply were inter- posed to different parts of the same entire defence,,Per IARRIs, J., 6 How. Pr. 11. 70. 3Bedell v. Stickels, 4 How. Pr. R. 432 ' Cobb v. Frazee, 4 How. Pr. R. 413. SEC. I.],353
was said in that case, that the more correct practice would have been for the defendant to move to strike - out the demurrer. This would have been done, or, as in Slocum v. Wheeler,' the plaintiff compelled to elect by which he would abide.,Manner of stating new matter in thie rely.-The reply to defendant's counterclaim being, as we have seen, entirely in the nature of an answer to an original complaint, the same rules govern the mode and manner of stating facts in a reply which are appli- cable to the answer. Under the practice in equity, the replication was a mere formal averment of the truth and sufficiency of the bill, and a denial of the allegations in the answer. Formerly the practice was, if the defendant offered new matter by way of defence in his answer, the complainant replied specially; but afterwards the use of a special repli- cation was discontinued, and if the plaintiff desired to avoid the effect of the new matter, his proper course was to apply to amend the charging part of his bill.',These rules, it will be observed, can have no appli- cation to the Code. A formal reply, merely for the purpose of producing an issue, is done away with en- tirely. There is no such thing now as a ciarging part to a complaint; that is, a part anticipating the defence, and setting forth the alleged pretences of the defendant. This defence must properly appear by the statements of the defendant himself. Matters which were in equity the subjects of a cross-bill by,Id. ' Id. 373. 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 249, 250. 854,[on. YL THE BEPLY.
the defendant, requiring an answer from the plaintifft are now to be set up by way of counterclaim in the same action, and are to be answered by the reply as prescribed in the Code. Both the general and special replication, as formerly used in Chancery, in respect to matter in avoidance alleged in the answer, are no longer necessary; unless, indeed, in the cases mentioned, ante, page 342, where the plaintiff may properly make a special reply or statement in the nature of a notice to the defendant, of those matters which he intends to rely upon in avoidance of the new matter in the answer. If such matters in the reply be clearly frivolous or palpably impertinent as a bar to the defendant's claim, they should be struck out, in analogy with the old practice of striking out frivolous matters in a notice.' If, however, they serve to fortify and sustain the complaint, or consti- tute the real ground of the plaintiff's cause of action, they should be permitted to remain on the record.,A replication, by way of a new assignment of the plaintiff's cause of action, in case of an evasive plea, can no longer be necessary. Such new assignment, under the old practice, was in the nature of a new declaration, or rather of a more precise and particu- lar repetition of the declaration.' The same thing can be accomplished under section 1'72 of the Code, by amending the complaint, as, of course, within twenty days after service of the answer.,Where a complaint seeks to charge a silent partner as a general partner, it is not proper for the plaintiff,'1 Hill, 663. 'Stoph. P1. 227. 1 Burr. Pr. 187.,355
to report the facts on which he relies as evidence to prove the defendant such general partner. If the defendant, in his answer, sets up the special partner- ship, the plaintiff may then reply the facts on which he relies to show that he was not a special, but a general partner.',SECTION II. VERIFICATION OF TIE REPLY. TIE reply of the plaintiff to the defendant's an- swer must be verified in the manner prescribed by section 152 of the Amended Code, when the plaintiff, by verifying his complaint, has made it necessary for the defendant to put in an answer under oath. And even if the complaint be not sworn to, the defendant, if he choose, may verify his answer, in which case, if the plaintiff put in a reply, it must be verified.',A party is privileged from verifying a reply in the same cases in which he is privileged from verify- ing an answer.,And, generally, the rules applicable to the verifi- cation of an answer are the same with those applica-,' Stone v. DePuga, 4 Sand. 681. ' Levi v. Jakeways, 4 Ilow. Pr. R. 126. 356,[CH. VL
chap. v., section 5.',SECTION III. FRIVOLOUS AND SUPPLEMENTAL REPLY. IF a reply be fiivolous the opposite party may, upon a pievious notice of five days, apply to a judge of the court, either in or out of the court, for judgment thereon, and judgment may be given accordingly.',This provision of the Code remains unchanged by the amendments of 1852. It is, of course, to be taken in connection with those amendments, and its effect is, therefore, much restricted. Prior to these amend- ments every allegation of new matter in the answer was required to be traversed, or confessed and avoided by the reply; and a reply not generally or specially controverting a material allegation of new matter in the answer, but setting up some fiivolous matter of avoidance thereto, might, under this section, he over- ruled on a summary application to a judge, either in or out of court, and judgment be rendered for the plaintiff, as for want of a reply.,By the amendments, however, as we have seen, See also Verification of the Complaint, chap. iv., sec. 4. Am. Code, § 247.,357 FRIVOLOUS REPLY. SEC. II.]
claim, is considered controverted for the purposes of the trial, and an issue is joined thereon which must be tried. However frivolous, then, a reply of new matter may be, the defendant cannot, under this sec- tion, move for judgment so long as any material issue of fact remains untried in the cause.' A frivolous reply within the meaning of this section, to authorize an application for judgment, must be one which ad- mits in te2~ms the allegations in the defendant's answer, and undertakes to avoid them by matters which, upon their face, are clearly and palpably frivolous. If any issue of fact remains to be tried, the frivolous reply, if clearly frivolous and irrelevant, may be struck out on motion; or if there is a doubt as to its sufficiency in law to constitute an answer to the defendant's de- fence, the objection may be taken by demurrer.',Sham and irrelevant reply.-Section 152 authorizes " sham and irrelevant answers and defences" to be struck out on motion. Is this section confined in terms to the defendant's answer, or may it be also extended to the reply ? A reply of new matter to the defendant's counterclaim is in the nature of an answer to such new matter. In other words it is a defence to what would have been a cause of action if pleaded in an original suit. A counterclaim is nothing more or less than a cause of action between the same parties, which the Code permits to be set up as a defence in the same action, and finally deter- mined on the same trial. When the reply alleges,Comstook v. Hallock, 1 C. R., N. S. 200. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 68. 4 Sand. 660. 6 How. Pr. R. 21. 358,THE REPLY.
new matter it is as a defence to such counterclaim. If such defence be sham or irrelevant it seems to come not only within the spirit and meaning, but within the language and letter of the Code. A s/am, that is a false, and an irrelevant, that is a foreign and pal- pably insufficient reply, may be struck out on motion under section 152.,Judgment cannot be given for the defendant on striking out a sham and irrelevant reply, unless such reply also in terms admits matters set up in the answer which constitute a full defr B . to the action. Nor within the case of Darrow v. Miller' can judg- ment on account of the frivolousness of the reply be given, unless the notice of motion specifies that the party will apply for such judgment. If the applica- tion is merely to strike out a defence, (i. e., an answer or reply), as sham or irrelevant, the motion is analo- gous, and the order will be similar to that of an ap- plication to strike out redundant and irrelevant matter under section 160. The sham or irrelevant reply will be struck out with costs, or on such terms as the court may impose, and the plaintiff be per- mitted, if a proper case is shown, to make a further reply, leaving the issues joined on the answer of the defendant to be tried.,As to the nature of a sham, irrelevant, and frivol- ous defence, the distinction existing between such defences, and the mode of taking an objection to them, respectively, see ante, chap. v., section 6.,Suilemental repjy.-The plaintiff, under section 17 of the Amended Code, may be allowed on motion,5 How. Pr. R. 247. Eso. m.]
to the case occurring after his former reply, or of which he was ignorant when his reply was made. This supplemental reply of new matter is also entirely analogous to a supplemental answer by the defendant to the plaintiff's complaint, and is governed by the same rules.' A defendant was not allowed to make a supplemental answer contradicting the statements in his first answer, nor to alter essentially and new model the matter of his original answer.' This rule is, no doubt, equally applicable to a supplemental reply. It may be added that such supplemental i.. ply, like the original reply, must not be inconsistent with the complaint, b ut must consist of matter tend- ing to strengthen or fortify the complaint, or com- prising a new and separate defence to the defendant's counterclaim, and one which is consistent with the defence already set up. Whether an equitable de- fence to the defendant's counterclaim, accruing after action brought can be pleaded, see ante, page 345.,The facts proper to be stated in the supplemental reply, must be such as have occurred after the former reply was put in, or of which the plaintiff was at that time ignorant.,In Bralo v. Cameron, cited supra,' the answer alleged the pendency of another suit for the same demand, whereupon the plaintiff discontinued the former suit, and replied the discontinuance. It may be doubted whether this practice is now correct. If the discontinuance does not relate back to a time be-,- See ante, chap. v., sec. vii. '1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 167. '3 How. Pr. R. 414. 860,[Cn. vi, TIHE REPLY.
fore the suit was commenced,' the safer way would seem to be to set up such a matter by way of sup- plemental reply on leave of the court first obtained, and on such terms as to the payment of costs as may be prescribed.,1 4 Hill, 166. 24 SEO. IL.],361 *'
CHAPTER VII. OF THE DEMURRER. Tim Code has retained the demurrer to the dif- ferent pleadings on the part of both plaintiff and defendant, though its use has been much limited, it being now confined entirely to matters of substance, and not of form, in the cases prescribed by the (cOAe.,A deruurTer at av is defned to be a pleadir, which imports that the objectiig Hal . ' .. . ceed with the pleading because no sufficien. state- ment has been made on the other side; but will wait the judgment of the court whether he is bound to answer.' It might be for insufficiency, either in sub- stance or in form; either on the ground that the case shown by the opposite party was essentially in- sufflcient to maintain the action or defence, or on the ground that it was stated in an ,inartificial manner. In the former case, the demurrer might. be general, and might except to the sufficiency of the pleading in general terms, without showing specifically the nature of the objection. In the latter case, it was required to be special, and to point out the particu- lar ground of the exception.',Steph. Fl. 43. Id. 140.~~~~~~~~~~~ 362,Ion. ¥II. ' Seph. PI. 43.,' Id, 140.
The use of the demurrer to the bill of complaint in equity was entirely similar. Whenever any ground of defence was apparent upon the bill itself, either from the matter contained in it, or from defect in its frame, or in the case made by it, a demurrer was proper.' It was an allegation, which, admitting the matters of fact stated in the bill to be true, insisted that they were insufficient for the complainant to pro- ceed upon, or to oblige the defendant to answer; or that, for some reasons apparent on the face of the bill, or because of the omission of some matter which ought to be contained in it, or for want of some cir- cumstance which ought to be attendant thereon, the defendant ought not to be compelled to answer.',A demurrer as applied to the present practice is defined in general terms, and the cases in which it may be used specified, by the Code. It is the object of the present chapter to consider the nature of the demurrer, how and when it may be pleaded, and generally the changes in respect to it which have been effected by the Code. The subject will be con- sidered in the following order:,1. Nature and use of the demurrer. 2. What matter in a complaint may be demurred to.,3. What matter in an answer or reply. 4. Grounds of demurrer, how to be stated. 5. Objection, when it may be reached by answer, when taken on motion, or by demurrer, and when deemed to be waived.,6. Frivolous demurrer and practice thereon. ' Mits. Eq. P1. 107. ditf. Eq. P1. 107, 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 106.
PAGINATION,INCORRECT
SECTION I. NATURE AND USE OF THE DEMURRER. A DEMURRER, both under the practice at law and in equity, admitted the facts pleaded for the purpose of the argument, and merely referred the question of their legal sufficiency to the decision of the court.' This rule is not changed by any provision of the Code.' A demurrer which does not admit the facts is insufficient, and will be disregarded for all pur- poses.',Under the old practice there was a great variety of causes for which a demurrer would lie, not only matters of substance, but the merest matters of ex- pression and form. Thus, if a plaintiff omitted to allege a day, or a place, in his declaration, it was de- murrable; so if in an action of trespass he omitted the formal words " against the peace," and " by force and arms," the defendant might demur. The Code makes no provision for a demurrer in any of these cases, or, indeed, in any case whatever where, under the old system, the matter objected to would have been defective in form, or by reason of an inartifi- cial manner of statement. An omission to allege a day or a place, for example, cannot be demurred to;,1 Chit. PI. 661, ' Hall v. Bartlett, 9 Barb. S. C. R. 297. Clark v. Van Duzen, 3 C. R. 219. 1*s - 1
but if, for the want of any such allegation, the plead- ing is not reasonably definite or certain, the party aggrieved may obtain a remedy on motion under the: latter clause of section 160.',A demurrer at law, when for matters of substance, might be genral, though if there were any douots as to whether the defect was one of substance or merely of form, a special demurrer was the better course, inasmuch as it raised at once the questions as to the particular defects pointed out, and generally as to the sufficiency of the declaration. A demurrer to a bill in equity was generally required to express the grounds upon which it was founded.' This is the practice retained by the Code, as to which see post. section iv. of this chapter.,A defendant was not limited to one cause of de- murrer only, either to a pleading at law or a bill in equity. He might assign as many causes of demurrer as he pleased, and if any one of the causes assigned was held good, the demurrer would be allowed.' This rule is also unchanged; a defendant may de- mur for any one or more of the causes specified by the. Code.,In equity, a demurrer might be to the whole bill, or to a part only of the bill. The defendant might demur to a part, plead to another part, and answer as to the residue; though such defences were each required to be to different and distinct parts of the bill,,' Am. Code. ' It might be general or special, Story Eq. PI. § 455. ' Story Eq. P1. § 443.
and to be consisten twith each other.' At law a de- murrer was allowed to one of several different counts in the declaration and an answer to the residue. This rule is preserved by the Code;' but the demurrer in such case must be to an entire cause of actions or defence.',In Manchester and others v. Storrs' and others, 3Mr. JUSTICE GRmiLEY, held at Special Term, that not only was a demurrer unauthorized by the Code to part of the allegations in the complaint, all of which, con- nected together, form a statement constituting one entire cause of action, but that a defendant could not even demur to one of two or more distinct causes of action set up in the complaint, and answer the re- sidue. " We must forget," he says, " all old rules respecting demurrers, and regard a demurrer now as a pleading created, with its caiaracter and office defined by the Code." He held, in that case, that while at law a demurrer was allowed to one of several different counts, and while in equity you might demur to a part and answer the residue of the bill, that the Code forbid a demurrer, except to the entire complaint.,This decision was made before the amendment of 1849 to the Code, specified in section 149. A de- murrer may now be taken "to the whole complaint, or to any of the alleged causes of action stated there- in." This language, however, does not, it is con- ceived, change the rule laid down in the case last cited, that the demuner must be to an entire cause of action or defence, and cannot be to part of the,Story Eq. P1. § 442. ' Am. Code, § 123 and 151. '3 How. Pr. R. 410. 4 4 Id. 413, 1 C. R., N. S. 184. 3 How. Pr. R. 410.,[on. vi.
allegations which constitute such cause of action or defence. This construction is apparent from section 151 as amended, and has also been so repeatedly ad- judicated.' But, under the Code, it has been held, that a demurrer must not be too broad; as where a complaint, has a double aspect, one being an ordinary creditor's bill, and the other to set aside an assignment made by defendant, a demurrer to the whole com- plaint that It does not show the return of an execu- tion unsatisfied, is bad, and will be overruled, because such an objection could not be taken to the complaint in its second aspect;2,It was a rule in pleading that on a demurrer the court will consider the whole record, and give judg- ment for the party who, on the whole, appears to be entitled to it. Thus, when the plaintiff demurred to defendant's plea, if his declaration.was bad, judgment would be rendered for the defendant. So, if the de- murrer was .to the repl, and there was a substantial fault in the plea, judgment would be rendered for the plaintiff; though if the declaration was also bad. in situtance, the defendant was entitled to judgment. If the declaration, however, contained two counts, one of which was bad and the other good, the good count would support the declaration; and the plain- tiff, on demurrer to a defective plea, would be entitled to judgment.2 But in looking back of the pleading demurred to, the court would not regard matters of,'4 How. Pr. R. 413. 5Id. 5. 2 Sand. 704. 1 C. 1., N. S. 325. 'Cooper v. Clason, N. Y. Special Term, per EDamoNDs, J., 1 C. R., N. S. 347.,' 8 Wend. 129 10 Peters, 257.
forL. Thus, on a demurrer to a plea defective in substance, the court would not render judgment against the plaintiff for the reason that his declara- tion was technically insufficient, and might have been specially demurred to.,JUSTICE SANDFORD, in the case of Schwab v. Furniss, in the N. Y. Superior Court,1 remarks in regard to the question whether on a demurrer either party may go back and attack a previous pleading: "I have come to the conclusion that the practice in this respect remains as it existed in actions at common law prior to the Code, and that the antecedent plead- ing may be attacked. For example: on a demurrer to an answer, the defendant may attack the com- plaint for defects in matters of substance, but not on objections which go only to the form of the pleading. The defect must be such as could be reached by a general demurrer.",In this case, as elsewhere reported,' and decided with the concurrence of all the Judges of the Supe- rior Court, it is further observed: " There is no more reason now than formerly that a plaintiff should have judgment on demurring to an answer when it appears upon the face of the record that he has no cause of action; or that the defendant should succeed on a demurrer to the reply, when it is apparent upon his answer that he has no defence." A similar doctrine was held in the same court at General Term, in the case of Fry v. Bennett;' namely, that on the argu- ment of a demurrer to an answer, the defendant may,1 C. R., N. S. 342. 4 Sand. 704. ' 1 . R., N. S. 256. 368
attack the complaint, but the grounds of the attack, to render it successful, must be such as would have entitled the defendant to judgment had he elected to demur instead of answering. It is said also that, on such a demurrer, the complaint may be attacked only when it appears on its face that the plaintiff has no cause of action, or that the court has no jurisdic- tion; defect of parties, misjoinder of actions, &c., are not such objections as can be reachedin this manner.1 The point, however, was not judicially determined in either of the above cited cases.,Under the former practice there could not be a demurrer and a plea to the same part of the decla- ration.' And if a plea contained several distinct matters, divisible in their nature, as separate and dis- tinct demands, the plaintiff could not demur general- ly to the whole because a part was bad; he should demur as to each of the separate defences badly pleaded, and answer the residue.' And when it is said that in equity a defendant may demur, plead, and answer to the same bill, it is not meant that he may demur and answer at the same time, to the whole, or to the same part of a bill,' but he- might demur to one part and answer the residue. If the demurrer was not to the whole bill it must clearly express the particular part it was intended to cover, and if any part of the matter covered by it was also covered by a plea, or answer, the whole demurrer would be over- ruled.,See note to above case of Schwab v. Furniss, 1 C. R., N. S. 342. ' 5 Wend. 104. ' 11 John. 16. 6 John. Ch. R. 214. SEO. I.],369
These rules that a demurre.r and an answer cannot be both sustained,-at ]the same :ime to the same cause of action or iefence, are now well settled to be ap- plicai' to an action under the Code. Although it was intimated in one or two cases' that a defendant might demur and answer to the same cause of action, yet, the subsequent cases of Slocum v. Wheeler,' and Spelman v. Weider,' it is generally understood, have settled the rule to thi. ontrary.,Where two defendants, having separate interests, sever in their defences, one may answer and another demur to the same cause of action. Each defendant in such case may raise a separate issue on the plain- tiff's complaint, and is entitled to interpose any de- fence he may think -.vroper. An answer of one of several defendants separately liable will not inure as an answer of the others.' Where a complaint sets forth several distinct acts done by the defendants, and claims that by each of such acts the defendants became liable to pay the plaintiff, &c., this, it seems, may be regarded as a complaint containing several causes of action, and separate demurrers may be in- terposed to each, or the defendant may, it seems, de- mur to one and answer the residue.',The nature of a demurrer, therefore, under the Code, is not essentially different from what it was under the old practice. Its uses are similar, with the exception that it is now applied only to raise objec-,i Falconer v. Meyer, 2 Code R. 49. Gilbert v. Davies, id. 50. ' 4.ow. Pr. R. 373. ' 6 I. 5. 1 C. R., N. S. 343. ' Ogdcnsburgh Bank v. Paige, 2 Code B. 75. 11 John. 16.
tions to matters of substance, and can be use4 only in the cases prescribed in the Code.' These cases I shall consider in the subsequent sections of this chapter. A demurrer cannot be used under the new system, any more than it could under the old, as an exception to matters of impertinency and irrelevancy. Such matters, if objected to, must be struck fiom the pleading on motion, and cannot be demurred to; unless, indeed, the entire cause of action or ground of defence be irrelevant, or insufficient, in which case, as in a pleading at law, a demurrer will be proper to test the sufficiency of the pleading. And see further, post, section v. of this chapter, as to the cases in which it will be proper to take the objection by mo- tion to strike out irrelevant matter, and for judgment on an irrelevant answer; and where the proper course will be to raise the objection on demurrer.,SECTON II. WHAT MATTERS LN THE COMPIAINT- MAY BE DE3MII-,RED TO. THE Code defines six general causes for which an objection may be taken to the complaint by demurrer. They are as follows:,1 Boyoe v. Brown, 3 How. Pr. I. 395. 7 Barb. S. C. R. 412. 3 How. Pr. R. 410.,':7.
The defendant may demur to the complaint, when it shall appear upon the face thereof, either:,1. That the court has no jurisdiction of the person of the defendant, or the subject of the action: or,,2. That the plaintiff has not legal capacity to sue; or, 3. That there is another action pending between the same parties, for the same cause; or,,4. That there is a defect of parties, plaintiff or defend- ant; or,,5. That several causes of action have been improperly united; or,,e. That the complaint does not state facts sufficient to con- stitute a cause of action.',It is to be observed in the first place, that, in order to enable the defendant to avail himself of the objec tion by demurrer, the defect must appear " upon the face" of the complaint. It must be such that, admit- ting for the purposes of the argument, all the facts to be true, yet the complaint is insufficient to enable the plaintiff to recover for one of the above causes as specified in the Code. And first:,1st. Want of juisditi.on.-At common law, an objection to the jurisdiction was commonly taken by plea in abatement. It might however be shown under the general issue, as that there was no court in the county which has jurisdiction of the case.' And, generally, in courts of inferior jurisdiction, the want of jurisdiction was fatal to the suit at any stage of the proceeding without any plea or objection.' The,Am. Code, § 144. '5 Mass. R. 124, 3 John. 113. ' 1 Chit. PI. 442, 2 Cow. Treat. 668. 372,[Ec. vn.
873 defendant, however, might plead to the jurisdiction if he thought proper, and this was esteemed the bet- ter course.,In equity, if the want of jurisdiction was apparent on the face of the bill, the proper course for the de- fendant was to demur to the relief. These causes of demurrer were various; many of them were peculiar to the practice in equity, and, since the union of law and equity in our courts, have no farther application to our system. Thus a demurrer would lie to a bill for want of equity to sustain the jurisdiction, when there was no sufficient ground shown in the bill for the interference of a Court of equity. And when- ever it appeared that the plaintiff had an adequate remedy at law, a demurrer would lie to the relief, as if an action should be brought for the recovery of the possession of land, or for the payment of a lost note, or to decide upon the validity of a will of real estate; the proper tribunal in all these cases being a court of law, and equity having no jurisdiction.',So too the complaint was required, not only to state a case properly within the cognizance of a court of equity, but the amount claimed, or the value of the property in controversy, must be not less than one hundred dollars exclusive of costs in order to give the court jurisdiction ; and in all cases the bill was re- quired to show affirmatively that the case was within the appropriate jurisdiction of a court of equity, nor was the defect cured by any waiver, or even by the consent of the parties, so as to confer a jurisdiction,Stoiy, Eq. P1. §§ 474 to 4i8. '2 R. S. 13, § 40.
not vested by law.' These principles, it will be pelt ceived, applied exclusively to the Court of Chancery, and since the abrogation of that court, and the estab- lishment of a uniform method of proceeding in civi actions, they are no longer applicable in practice. Where, too, upon the face of the bill there was no remedy, either at law or in equity, a demurrer to the relief was also proper; as if a bill sought to recover back money which had been voluntarily paid by a party upon a suit being threatened, or brought, and. his defence to the suit was that there was fraud in the transaction on which the suit was brought, or to be brought, the bill would be demurrable, notwith- standing he should state in his bill that at the time when he made the .payment it was under a protest that he would seek redress in equity, for in such case it does not appear but that the defence might have been effectually sustained at law, and if so it would have been his duty to make it in the suit at law.2 In this class of cases, where the complaint shows that the plaintiff has no remedy at all, a demurrer will be proper under the Code.,As to Mte sutject nzater.-A. demurrer under the Code to the jurisdiction of the subject nzatter of the action will lie in those cases in which such sub- ject matter is not properly cogniyable by any court of justice: As where the subject matter is en- tirely of aj political nature and therefore constitutes a fit subject for negotiation or treaty by the executive department of the government.' Cpses arising un- der foreig i treaties which involve controversies or,' 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 89. Story, Eq., P1. r 483. 'Story, Eq,. PL. § 468.,[ell. vn. 374
considerations purely of a political or sovereign character. or purely executory by the governments themselves, would be held to be, from their very nature and character, incapable of being enforced in any of the courts of the United States.',A state court has no power to annul the judgment or determine the extent of the jurisdiction of the federal courts.' Nor can a state court enjoin a judg- mdent of a circuit court of the United States or stay proceedings under it.' Nor can St entertain juris- diction over acts done by an officer of the United States in his official capacity.' Nor in a suit insti- tuted to restrain the infringement of a patent right; and consent cannot confer such jurisdiction.',In general. the fact that the proper'y is not within the jurisdiction constitutes no bar to a proceeding for equitable relief, if the person is within the juris- diction. But questions, it is said, may arise under a bill respecting funds, or other things in a foreign country so purely local that a court of equity in another country might very properly decline to in. terfere, and remit it to the domestic forum.',The Supreme Court has original jurisdiction of all actions real and personal arising within the state, and of all transitory actions wherever the: cause of action may have arisen.' It has been held in one case that the statute making' actions of trespass for,:Story Eq. P1. § 4,69. ' 5 Cranoh, 115. ' 7 Crao, 27l. , ' 6 Wheatont 598. ' 3 Corns. 9. 7 John. 144. '6 Cral, 158. , 2 Paige, 402. Stbry qE. P; § 489, ' Grab. on Jurisdietion.,375
injuries to the person local, has no reference to ac- tions brought for such trespasses commited out of the state, and has not taken away the jurisdiction of our courts to entertain them.' But trespassses, or injuries, to lands committed in another state are not within the jurisdiction of our state courts.' Personal wrongs committed by an officer of the navy while at sea, and engaged in the public service, are within the jurisdiction of the state courts.' And so in cases of marine torts, as for a collision on the high seas, courts of common law have concurrent jurisdiction with Courts of admiralty,' and the Superior and Supreme courts have concurrent jurisdiction with the courts of the United States in questions of salvage, and are competent to afford a remedy.' And our state courts have also jurisdiction between a state and citizens of another state.',Courts of limited jurisdiction are those which are circumscribed in the exercise of their powers within certain local bounds, such as a town, city, or county; or are confined to the cognizance of certain descrip- tions of actions, being regulated either by the amount claimed, the character of the parties, the nature of the cause of action, or the locality in which it arose.' So fa- as inferior courts of limited jurisdiction are concerned, the proceedings should show affirmatively that the court has jurisdiction.' The jurisdiction is never presumed, until the contrary appears, as is the,' 17 Wend. 353. '6 Hill. 82.. 7 Hill, 95. ' 18 John. 257. 2 Sand. 379. 6 Barb. S. C. B. 209. '26 Wend. 192. 2 Hill, 159. '1 Burr. Pr. 36. ' 4 John. 292.
case in a superior court.s If suchjurisdiction be not shown in the pleadings it will be a ground for de- murrer under the Code; and even if the objection is not thus taken, a tjudgment for the plaintiff will still be invalid and void.' In a superior court, how- ever, jurisdiction will be presumed, and a'demurrer will not lie for the reason that jurisdiction is not as- firmatively shown. If the want of jurisdiction does not appear, the objection, if any such exist, may be raised by answer,' or if not thus raised the judg- ment will be set aside at any subsequent stage, when- ever such want of jurisdiction shall appear.',1. As to theLper8on of thk dfendan$.-If a want of jurisdiction appear also in this respect, the defendant may demur. We have briefly noticed above some of the cases in which our State Courts have, and have not, jurisdiction of the subject matter of an action; and have seen generally that they have jurisdiction in all cases, whether legal or equitable, where the person of the defendant is within the jurisdiction of the court, no matter where the cause of action arose, except in that class of cases at law heretofore denomi- nated local, as trespass to Iund, ejectment, &c.c.,' in,1 Hill, 130- 2 Id. ' Am. Code, § 147. ' Am. Code, § 144. 1 Hill, 130., 'As to privilege from arrest of the person, and in what cases the court does not acquire jurisdiction, see Grab. Pr. 123 to 144. And see as to privilege of foreign consul, ambassador, &o., to be exempted from jurisdiction of State tribunal, 6 Wend. 333; 10 id. 50; 7 Peters U.S. R.276; 8 id. 324; 5 Barb. S. C. R. 115.,' And so also for partition and other actions and claims relative to real estate and the tit!e thereof.,25 8sea O.L,8't
which case the subject matter of the relief claimed, or of the injury complained of, must be within the territorial jurisdiction of the court.,There is also a certain class of cases in which the court exercises jurisdiction over the rights of parties who are not within the jurisdiction of the court, and personally amenable to process, but who are either necessary or, proper parties defendants to an action. Thus where a defendant is a proper party to an action relating to real property in this state, or the subject of the action is real or personal property in this state, and the defendant has or claims a lien or any interest therein, or the.relief demanded consists in excluding the defendant from any interest, or lien therein; or where the defendant, though a non-resident of the state, has property therein, and the cause of action arises on contract; or thp defendant is a foreign cor- poration, and has property in this state, or the cause of action arose therein, in these various cases the court will exercise jurisdiction over the absentee or non-resident defendant, in respect to such property or cause of action; and the Code particularly pre- scribes the manner of the service of process upon such defendants.' This is similar to the former man- ner of serving process upon absent defendants in suits in equity~ and the rule is now made uniform and ex- tended to all cases. At common law, before a judg- ment could be pronounced against the person, the defendant must be in court, either upon its process or by voluntary submission to its jurisdiction. If not so in court, he might plead to the jurisdiction of the,Am. Code, § 135. 878,Cao mt.
person, if he had notice of the suit and chose to ap- pear. Service of proces out of the territorialjurisdic- tion of the court was at common law a nullity, and mere personal service of process on a defendant out of the state is void as the basis of any judicial proceed- ing, and confers no jurisdiction over the defendant,' Even the personal service of a summons upon the pre- eident of a foreign corporation, who happens to be temporarily in this state, and does not voluntarily ap- pear, it has been held, gives no jurisdiction of the de- fendant (the corporation) for the purpose of rendering a personal judgment upon contracts made in this state, or for debts due to residents of this state. So held .by JUSTICE S ,L at Special Term, in Hulbert v. The Hope Mutual Insurance Company ;' and affirmed at General Term on appeal.' The only method of acquiring jurisdiction in such cases, is that prescribed .by the Code, by order of publication, &c., pursuant to section 135. Thus in the case last cited, if the de. fendant (a foreign corporation) had property in this state, or if the cause of action had arisen therein, the plaintiff might have obtained an order of publication, and having published it for the requisite length of time, and served copy, summons, and complaint by mail, (or made personal service out of the state in lieu of publication and deposit in post-office), the court would have acquired jurisdiction to render the judgment.,The court w}U also exercise jurisdiction over an absentee defendant, in an action for divorce, in the,X Litchfield v. Boswel!, 5 How. Pr. R. 346. '4 How. Pr. R. 275, C Id. 415 fix. U.],879
same manner, and in the cases prescribóe, by law.' The cases iu which the court has jurisdiction by sta. tute, to grant a divorce for adultery, are, 1st. Where both husband ,and wife were inhabitants of this state at the time of the commission of the offence. 2d. mWhere the marriage was solemnized or tookplace within this state, and the injured partv, at the time of the commission of the offence. and at the time of exhibiting the bill of complaint, is an actual inhabi. tant of this state. 3d. Where the offence was com- mitted in this state, and the injured party, at the time of exhibiting the bill of complaint, is an actual in- habitant of this state.',Under the former practice in Chancery, which re- quired the bill to show juisdiction, it was necessary for the complainant to state tacts in the bill sufficient to bring the case within one of the ab6ve heads.' This does not seem to be necessary under the uniform rule of pleadings adopted by the Code. Unless an absolute want of jurisdiction appears on the face of the complaint a demurrer will not lie, jurisdiction being presumed in a superior court till the contrary appears.',So, too, by the former rule in the Chancery prac- tice,' the bill must positively aver that the adultery was committed without connivance, that more than five years have elapsed since discovery, and plaintiff has not voluntarily cohabited, since discovery, with defendant; or ix defendant is living in open adul-,' Am. Code, § 135, 6th Subdivision. '2 R. S. 144, § 35. ' 9 Page, 550. 1 Hill, 130, ante, page 377. Rule 163.
tery with another person, that five' years have not elapsed since the coamelcement of such adulterous intercourse.' Nona of these matters, under the new rules of the Supreme Court, need now. be aleged in the complaint, but the plaintiff may, (and unless stated in the complaint, and verified as prescribed by the Code) mut supply the. omission by his affidavit, in order to show himself entitled to judgment, pur- suant to the statute.',2. T27t plaintiff has not legaZ capwaiy to sue.-- This is the second ground of demurrer to the com- plaint specified in the Code. Objections to the person of the plaintiff that he has not legal capacity to sue as: 1st That the plaintiff is not entitled to sue, by reason of some personal disability, or; 2d. That the plaintiff has no title to the character in which he sues, were also at common law usually raised by plea in abatement. In equity they were the proper sub- ject of a demurrer if apparent on the face of the complaint, and so also by the Code.,Thus under the first class, if it appear by the com- plaint that the plaintiff is an infant, or married woman,' or idiot, or lunatic, and is thus, incap- able of instituting a suit alone, and no next friend or committee is named in the complaint, the defendant, in analogy with the former equity practice, may demur.' If it does not appear on the complaint, the objection (formerly taken by,2 2 RS. 147, § 55. See Ruies Sup. Court. ' Except in case she may by the,?- o frsase. -Ante, pages 80, 81. - ',Story Eq. P1. § 494. sa n3.],881
plea) may be raised by answer. If not so taken the objection, in all subsequent proceedings, is held to b 'waived.' And so in cases where a trusteesto whom the demand has passed, or the assignee of a ohose in action, is required te lsue in his own name for the collection of such demand. If that fact should appear on the face of the complaint, and the action be in the name of the assignor, insolvent debtor, or other person not having legal capacity to enforce the collection of the demand, the defendant may demur.,And so too under the second above class, namely, that the plaintiff has no title to the character in which he' sues, the defendant may demur. As if, for example, it appear upon the face of the complaint, that the plaintiff sues as administrator under void letters of administration; or in virtue of a grant of administration in a' foreign country, the objection may be taken by demurrer, for the reason that the plaintiff has no right, or legal capacity, under such letters to sue in our courts. .,3. Another action rpending between theesame partie for t e eame caue.-This alo is a ground for demurrer by the Code, if the defect- appears upon the face of the complaint; otherwise, objection must be taken by answer, or will be deemed to be waived. The objection can be taken in no other way. Accordingly, in an action for partition, a motion by plaintiff to set aaide the proceedings in an action for partition com- menced by the --defendant, on the ground that an action forthe partition-ofthe same premises had been previously commenced by the plaiitifl, was denied;,Am. Code, § i48. Mit E. E. P. 155; Cooper, Eq. P1. 169; 170.
it being held that the plaintiff's remedy was to set forth, in answer to the suit last commenced, the fact of the pendency of the first suit.',This ground of objection will not ordinarily appear upon the face of the complaint; and the defendant will, therefore, usually be obliged to set it up in his answer. And though the second action, thus pleaded, must in general be between the same parties and for the same cause of:action, yet, it is said, that there are exceptions to the rule as where separate actions for the same single act of trespass are brought against several defendants, the one last served may avail himself of the pendency of the action against the first; and so a recovery against one of several parties to a joint tort, frequently precludes the plaintiff from proceeding against any other party not included in the action.,In an action on a promissory note, a demurrer, or answer, of the pendency of a suit for the same cause of action in another state is bad.',4. .T7a there i8 a defect of parties, plaintff or defendant.-This is the fourth ground of demurrer to the plaintiff's complaint provided by the Code. The objection, in this case, must be taken by de- 'murrer, if it appear on the face of the complaint, otherwise by answer; and if not taken either way, it will be deemed waived, and the defendant will not afterwards be permitted to raise it.,.We have already considered at length the question of the misjoinder and nonjoinder of parties in an,' Horntager v. Hornfager, 6 How. Pr. B. 279, per PAKEra, J. See Monell's Pr. 137 and 138, and cases oited. Burrows v. Miller, 5 How. Pr. R. 51, per EDMONDS, J. em r.I],883
action under the Code, and who are proper and necessary parties to ,coinplaints.-See ante, chap. ii. sec. 2 and 3. It will not be necessary, therefore, to review this branch of the subject here. It may be said generally that the want of necessary parties, that is, such as must join, or be joined, plaintiffs or defendants, is always to be taken advantage of by demurrer or answer. The same rule is applicable to the rjoinder of parties, as if a person having no in- terest in the subject of the action is united as plain- tiff, or a person against whom no decree can be made, is joined as defendant. If the misjoinder is of parties as plaintiff, according to the equity ruler ai the de- fendants may) demur. But if the,--mijoinder is of parties as defendants, those only, according to the same rule, can demur who are improperly joined.' But query, inasmuch as every defendant has an in- terest in not having: any persons made co-defendants who are not necessary or proper parties,' may he not properly interpose a demurrer to correct such a defect, whether he is the person improperly joined or not P',If a demurrer is put in for want of necessary parties it should point out who are the proper parties to the action;' that is if from the matter in the complaint it appears who should be joined. This is in analogy with one or two decision under the Code in respect to what matters must be alleged in the answerin such cases.' It is also in analogy to the practice at law,Story, Eq. Pi. § 544. 'Ante, pages 105, 106. ' See 1 Barb. Ch. R. 157. ' Story Eq. P1. § 543 and see post, section 4 of this chapter. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 202, Id. 348.,[C1H. vm .884
parties. The plea was required to give the plaintiff a better writ, and to point out who the parties were who ought to be joined. But if from the complaint it does not appear who are the proper parties the rule cannot apply. Thus a declaration commencing A, B and Co., is bad on demurrer, for it appears that there are some other persons who ought to be joined as plaintiffs;' but the demurrer is not required to specify who those persons are.,In equity, as we have seen, if the parties not brought before the court are necessary and proper parties, the exception, if not taken in the answer or by demurrer, might be raised at the hearing. And it seems a similar practice is recognized by the Code; for although by section 148, if the objection is not taken by answer or demurrer, "the defendant shae e deemed to have waived t7le same;" yet by section 122, (which it is said is the controling section in deter- mining whether a demurrer for defect of parties is well taken') when a complete determination of the con- troversy cannot be had without the presence of other parties, the curt must cauee themr to be brought in. If these sections are taken together, they may, per- haps, be construed to mean, that the defendant at the hearing is stopped from setting up a defect of even necessary parties to defeat the plaintiff's claim for relief; but if such objection is raised the plaintiff will be at liberty to amend his bill by adding parties,,' 3Caines, .ro. 5 How. Pr. R. 99. sEO. g.],:885 TO 2" COMPLAINT.NIL
the cause in the mean-'me standing over for that purpose.,Where the parties who are omitted are mere formal parties, the objection, if intended to be taken at all, should be by demurrer or answer; for at the hearing, the court, if it can properly do so, will dis- pose of the cause upon its merits, without requiring such formal parties to be joined.' And such is the rule indicated by the Code.',The Code provides that when the question is one of a common or general interest of many persons, or when the parties are very numerous, and it may be impracticable to bring them all before the court, one or more may sue or defend for the benefit of the whole.' In such cases, therefore, a demurrer for defect of parties will be improper.,The rule is illustrated in a variety of cases, under the old practice in equity. Thus, where the parties aggrieved were a tribe of Indians, one could file a bill in his own name in behalf of all.' One creditor, as legatee, might sue in behalf of himself and all others standing in the same situation, and the others might come in under the decree.' So, where parties form a voluntary association for private or public purposes, and those who sue or defend are fairly pre- sumed to represent the rights and interests of the whole, the court would allow a bill to be brought by some of the parties on behalf of themselves and all others; though, if brought by the plaintiff alone, a,Story Eq. PI. § 542. ' Am. Code, § 122. ' Am. Code, § 119. 11 Paige, 607. ' 2 John. Ch. B. 283, 3 id. 553. 886,[o. oam
demurrer would lie for defect of parties.1 One or more of several parties, comprising a large number, may file a bill on behalf of himself and his copart- ners to rescind a contract, if it appear that it is for the benefit of all the partners that the contract should be rescinded.' And where the shareholders of an association are numerous, and the property and management of the affairs of the association are vested in trustees, it was held, that a bill for an account and final settlement was properly filed by one of the shareholders in behalf of himself and the others.' And so also a bill against the directors of a mining association, to prevent the money of the company from being appropriated to the use of any persons other than the general benefit of the shareholders.',In Smith v. Lockwood, it'was held, under the Code at special term,' that where the party suing for an injunction to restrain the mannfacture of an article, has merely an interest in common with all others in the state who are engaged in the manufacture of the same article, that. such party cannot bring a' suit in his own name and for his own benefit alone, but must sue in behalf of all others having a common interest with him. Perhaps this is carrying the rule further than necessary. One of several persons, how- ever numerous, having a common interest in obtain- ing an injunction to restrain a nuisance, may prosecute such action without joining the others. Though he,'Story Eq. PL § 107. ' Id. § 114. ' 2 Barb. Ch. B. § 362. 2 Mvlne & Craige, 49, 4 Russ. R. 562. Per EDWARDS, J. 1 C. R., N. S. 319. ozo. nL1,387
may join the others, and if he do so, the defendant cannot object.,The like doctrine applies to cases where there are many persons defendants belonging to a voluntary. association, or other company, or sets of parties, against whom suit is brought. And generally in cases of numerous parties to suits, plaintiffs or defend. ants, see Story on Equity Pleading, sections 107 to 136.,When a defendant is out of the jurisdiction of the court and cannot be reached by process of the court (or service made 'pursuant: to the cases mentioned in section 135 of the Code), such fact stated in the com- plaint, and proved (if denied), constitutes of itself a sufficient ground for dispensing with such person being made a party, and the court will render judgment without him. Thus, in action against a partnership, all the partners must be made parties. But if one of the partners be resident in a foreign country, and cannot be brought before the court, and the fact is so charged in the complaint, the court will proceed to judgment against the partners who are within the jurisdiction, provided it can be done without manifest injustice to the absent partner.' If, hwever, such partner has property in the state, and the action arises on contract, or if in any other way pursuant to section 135, an order of publication can be obtained against him, he should be made a party and served with process by publication, &c. And if a complaint against one partner, or joint contractor, show a cause,1 Cooper Eq. PL 85. 3 Cranoh, 220. I _ _· I,[o. Vn' 888
of action against a firm, and do not show the other partners out of the jurisdiction, and not amenable to the process of the court, it may be demurred to for want of parties.,5. That several causes of actiom have been im- propely tunited.-Whenever the claims or causes of action mentioned in the complaint are so different in their character as to violate in this respect the general rules prescribed by the Code, the objection may be taken by demurrer. These general rules have been considered, and the provisions of the Code in respect thereto have been cited, in the second chapter of this work, to which the reader is referred, entitled Joindre of Actions, and but one or two additional remarks will be necessary in this place.,The defect in the pleadings now under considera- tion, is similar in its character to that which, under the old practice, was called multifariousaess. Under the Code this defect is also to be deemed waived un- less the objection is taken by demurrer or answer.',Multifariouósness, as defined in Story's Equity Pleading, is of two kinds. 1st, A misjoinder of causes of suit-that is, when the claims set'up in the complaint are of so different a character that the' court will not permit them to be litigated in one action. 2d, Where a party is brought in as defendant upon a record with a large portion of which, and of the case made by which, he has no connection.' Such. an objection is different from that arising from a mere,' Am. Code, § 147. An answer can scarcely in any case be necessary.,' Story Eq. P1. § 530. 1 Comst. 221. BEO. n. 'l,'889
misjoinder of claims, and is nearer like the defect of misjoinder of parties.,The first of these, that is, the misjoinder of claims or causes of action between the same parties, is speci- fically provided for in the seven several subdivisions of section 167 of the Code as amended.' And here the remark made in Manchester v. Storrs,' in respect to a demurrer for the misjoinder of several causes of action, may be repeated, that " we must forget all rules respecting demurrers, and regard a demurrer now as a pleading created, with its character and office defied by the Code. No demurrer will lie except to a complaiit;' nor for any other causes except the six grounds specified in section 122 (now 144)." It may be added that a demurrer for mis- joinder of causes of action which can be classed under any of the subdivisions of section 167, will not lie in any case other then those violating such section. It is not, however, to be supposed that actions which do not come under either of these subdivisions, can now be joined with such as do; as, for example, an action for divorce with an action on a promissory note. JusTicE W eimAD, in the case of Durkee v. Saratoga and Washington R. R. Co.,' very properly remarked that the commissioners probably had their eye upon actions at law when they framed the 168th section of the Code. There are remedies well known to our jurisprudence which still exist, and which cannot be comprised in either of the subdivisions of section 167.,See ante, page 118. ' 8 How. Pr. R. 410. ' This was before the Code was amended. · 4 How. Pr. R. 228. 2 Code B. 145. 890,[Ca. vit
All, therefore, settled by that section, is that in the seven cases therein specified, several causes of action may be united in the same complaint if the rules pre- scribed for that purpose in that section be observed.',In cases of different causes of action between the same parties other than those referable to one of these sub-divisions, it is presumed the rule as to a demurrer for the misjoinder is similar to that under the former equity practice. The rule in equity was that if the claims were of a similar nature, involving similar principles and results, and might without in- convenience be heard and adjudged together, they might be joined in the same bill. Such is doubtless still the practice, and a demurrer will only be well taker for misjoinder to a complaint uniting dissimilar or incompatible causes of action; as it a party should seek in the same action to set aside a deed, and to foreclose a mortgage; or to correct a mistake in a writing, and to obtain an injunction; or to set aside a will and for partition." A bill, however, was sustain- ed against a corporation to establish different trusts, created by different instruments, and different donors, at different times for charitable purposes, no other cor- poration or person being interested.' Where, how- ever, a bill sets up one sufficient ground of relief and another distinct untenable claim it has been held not to be multifarious.' In such a case under the Code the latter part of the complaint may be struck out on mo- tion. A mere misjoinder of different causes of ac-,Ante, page 127. ' See ohap. 8. Ante, page 127. 'See 1 Comat. 214 '4. Mylne & Keen, 187. * 5 Paige, 137. na Io3,891
tion is not strictly speaking multifariousn.ess ;1 but such is the general acceptation of the term;' aind it is well settled that a demurrer will lie for such de- sect. Thus a bill against an executor for a legacy and for the individual debt of the testator is multi- farious.' So a bill by a judgment creditor for an account against the deceased creditor's estate and to reach lands in the hands of & third person held in trust for the decedent, and to compel an account of moneys received by such third person from the administrator on a judgment fradulently confessed .by the decedent is multifarious.' But where the in- terests of the plaintiff are the same, although the de- fendants may not have a co-extensive common in- terest, but their interest may be derived under dif- ferent instruments, if the general objects of the suit will be promoted by their being joined, the com- plaint will be sustained. And see further, as to the misjoinder of different causes of action between the same parties, Story on Equity Pleading, sections 530 to 538.,As to multifariousness, strictly so called, that is, where one, or a part of the defendants is able to say that he is brought in as a party upon a record, with a large portion of which, and the case made thereby, he has no connexion whatever;' this also was the subject of demurrer under the former prac-,'3 Barb. Ch. R. 432. '1 Comst.221. Story,Eq. P. § 530. ' 4 John. Ch. R. 199. ' 2 Barb. Ch. B. 576. ' 1 Mylne & Craige, 603. 1 Comst. 221.
tice. It is o also by the Code, which by the last clause of the sectiol under consideration' provides:," nt; the causes of action, so united, must all belong to one of these classes, and must afect all the parties to the action, and not require different places of tral, and must be eparately stated.",The causes of action joined in the same complaint must affect a tiieparties to the ction. A joint claim against two defendants is improperly joined with a separate claim against one of them, and either de- fendant may demur.* A single complainant having distinct and independent claims for relief against two or more persons cannot join them as defendants' and if so joined a demurrer will lie. But in some cases where the interest of the plaintifis is joined, though the claims are distinct in respect to the defendants, they may be joined and the objection of multifarious- ness will be disallowed.' And generally it is said that there is no positive and inflexible rule as to what in a court of equity would constitute multifariousness; which is fatal to the suit on demurrer, and the court will exercise a sound discretion in determining whe- ther the subject matters of the suit are properly joined or not, and whether the parties, plaintiffi or defendants, are also properly joined or not.' These,'§ 167. '5 Paige, 65. 6 id. 22. '1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 59. ' Ante, pages 91 to 93. Story Eq. PI. § 535. And see cases there cited.,'Story Eq. P. § 539.,26 SEG. m],393
the demurrer under the Code, in cases, (and they are mainly or entirely for equitable relief,) which do not fall within any of the classifications enumerated in the several sub-divisions of section 167. InI cases which do fall. within the provisions of this section the rule as to what may and what may not be joined is rw'ted by the Code and is infexible.,, , auses of action mustnot reuire diferentplaces of . If such- causes of action be joined, as for example, in ejectment to recover two pieces of land situated in different counties, a demmTer will lie. The Code does not in terms prohibit the joining of different causes of action which require different modes of trial. If therefore, jt be true, as has been asserted, that the Code has failed in establishing a uniform mode of trial in civil actions, a mere defect of statement on that account, if the causes of action be otherwise well joined, will not be the proper sub- ject of demurrer.,The causes of action must be separately sated. I have heretofore considered this provison of the Code in respect to the complaint, and the proper mode of satisfying this requirement, and have. briefly noticed the decisions thereon, and the manner of taking an objection if the provision is violated.',Does the Code authorize a demurrer in a case where several causes of action or defence, otherwise proper to be united, are not separately stated?,On a careful examination of the language of the 2 Ante, pages 193 to 198, and see also as to separate statement of answers, ante, pages 290 to 293.,Ear, Tprr, 894
Code, together with the decisions that have been made in regard to this point, the question, I think, may be answered in the affirmative. If the causes of action have en "improperly united," a demurrer is expressly allowed by the Code. When mingled together so as not susceptible of beingsseparated, are they not "improperly united" within the meaning of this expression,It is true, such an improper union is strictly a a defect of form, but, as was well said in Boyce v. Brown,' in regard to duplicity in pleading, it may be doubtful, whether,,under the Code as amended, What was matter of form before is not now matter of sub- stance. In some cases also, the party objecting might have a complete remedy on motion to compel the adverse party to make such pleading more definite and certain by amendment, and it does not appear' that there can be any objection to this course if pre- ferred. He is not, however, it seems, required to do this but may at once demur.,It has been held more than once under the Code that several causes of action are improperly united within the meaning of section 144, when they are not separately stated. It was so held in Pike v. Van Wormer;' and in Durkee v. S. & W. Rail Road Co.,' a demurrer was allowed for that cause. It was said in Benedict v. Seymour,' that if causes of action were not separately stated, that is, divided by some appropriate phrase so as to be distinguishable like the different counts in a declaration, that every alle-,7 Barb. S. C. R. 87. '5 How. P. B. 181. * 4 How. Pr. . 2. 6 . R. 26. ow. P. R301. BSE . I.],395
be struck out on motion.' But it was not said in that case that the objection must be taken in that way, and in no other.,In the case of an answer which blended together several grounds of defence, (before the Code was amended so as to, allow a demurrer to such answer) judgment was rendered for plaintiff at the circuit without a trial of the issues of facts, for the reason that the answer was not drawn in conformity to the Code,' and the judgment affirmed on appeal to the general term. The decision at the circuit was put upon the ground that the plaintiff had no other effective remedy, no demurrer being then allowed in the practice. It was admitted that he might have procured some of the irrelevant and redundant mat- ter to be struck out on motion, but that would have still left the remainder without determining its legal sufficiency. It should be added, however, that the decision at the general term was not put upon the ground that duplicity in an answer rendered it insuf- ftiednt in substance, and liable to demurrer. A sub- sequent decision, however, at a general term of the N. Y. Superior Court, in a case frequently cited,' held. that a demurrer for insfficiency would lie not only where the answer sets up a defence which is groundless in law, but where in the mode of stating a defence, otherwise valid, it violates those primary and essential rules of pleading which the Code has,' See ante. page 194. ' 3 How. Pr. R. 390. ' 7 Barb. S. 0. R. 80. ' Fry vi Bennett, 1 C. R,, N. S. 238. 396,[o vm 7M D12AMBREE.
prescribed. If this doctrine can be applied to a demurrer to the complaint, then a violation of the manner of stating the allegations in a complaint by blending and mingling together two or more causes of action, so that the same cannot be distinguished, may be demurred to for insucliency, within the sixth and last subdivision of section 144, namely:-,6. .7uT t th comnplaint does not ate facts eufi ient to constitute a caus of action. This is by far the most usual, and perhaps the most important ground for a demurrer to the plaintiff's complaint. A failure to demur, however, does not waive 'the objection.' The judgment obtained may be appealed from and will be reversed, if the complaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action." All that a party admits on a default is the truth of the facts alleged against him, and if the record does not show enough to sustain the judgment it will be reversed. And so also evenif an answer is put in, and a verdict or report of referees is rendered for the plaintiffi',I had occasion to consider very fully in chapter iv. of this woik the subject of the -t Secncy of the complaint, and what facts were necessary and essen- tial to be set forth in order to enable the plaintiff to maintain his action. In order, therefore, to deter- mine whether a demurrer may be properly interposed to a complaint under this sixth subdivision, it will,' Am. Code, § 148. ' Rayner v. Clark, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 581, at General Term, 5th Distriot.,* Bristol v. R. and S. Rail Road Company, 9 Barb . S. . . 159, General Term, 4th District. EBO, I.l,397
only be necessary to examine the pleading by the rules for testing the sufficiency of the complaint pre- scribed by the Code, and generally considered in the chapter referred. The question will be: Does the complaint allege facts which, if proved in evidence, or admitted, will authorize as a legal conclusion, or judgment of law, the relief which the plaintiff de- mands ? If one or more of such allegations of fact are wanted, the plaintiff may demur. So, too, he may demur for insufficiency, if the complaint shows a former good cause of action, but discharged at the time of suit. Pacts 6uffiient to constitute a cause of action, must be construed to mean a present cause of action; and if such objection is apparent on the face of the complaint, in analogy to the equity practice, it may be demurred to.' There can be no doubt of the application of this rule in the great majority of cases. The amended section 74 of the Code may, perhaps, raise a doubt as to its application to a case where the complaint shows a cause of action barred by the statute of limitations. But it seems to me that full effect can be given to that section without impairing the uniformity of the rule, or excepting this class of cases. The language of the Code is, " the objection that the action was not commenced within the time limited, can only be taken by answer." That is, if it does not appear on the face of the complaint, and the de- fendant neglects to set it up in his answer, he will be deemed to have waived it. A demurrer in its more liberal sense, (though not in a strict technical sense),,' 4 Hen. and M. 473. 1 id. 18. 2 Paige, 280. 4 id. 364. ' See this aubjeot further discussed, ante, pages 160, 161. 898,[(M. v.
has been held to be an answer to a bill.' So, too, the word "t answer," in a case under the Code, has been held to include the word " demur.'" It was very correctly said in this case, that the word was sometimes so used in the Code. Section 246 pro- vides, that the plaintiff may have judgment, if the defendant fail to anwve~, and on filing proof that no an~wer has been received. Of course, he will not be entitled to judgment if a demurrer has been served, but his affidavit that no answer has been received, is not required to say anything about a demurrer.' The word answer, therefore, in section 74, may, it is thought, oe deemed to include the word demur, and the rule will remain the same as in equity. It was there well settled that if it appear from the face of the complaint, that the complainant has not brought his suit within the time limited by law for that pur- pose, the defendant might avail himself of the objec- tion by demurrer.' The case of Genet v. Tallmadge,' is an authority to show that the same rule applies under the Code.,If the complaint show a good cause of action and something more; that is, of matters not essential or material to a single cause of action, and not in any sense cointitutive as matter on which the right of,6 Peters, 323. ° Broadhead v. Broadhead, 4 How. Pr. R. 308. ' 4 id. 309, per PARxER, J. * 7 Paige, 195, 373. 4 Yerger, 94. Story Eq. PL § 484, and eases there cited.,' 1 0. R., N. S. 346; and see also The People v. Arnold, 4 Comst. 608. so n.],399
action depends' be alleged, the defendant cannot demur thereto. It has been repeatedly held that a demurrer must go to an entire complaint, and will not lie to a part thereof.' Nor will a denemuer lie to immaterial matter in a pleading, or for irrelevancy, or uncertainty, or other superfluous matter.' But this, as has been observed, is not to be extended to the improper union of two or more causes of action in the same complaint in violation of section 167. One or more of such causes of action, it is true, may be redun- dant or surplusage, but a demurrer, as we have seen, is expressly allowed for that cause by the Code, un- less, perhaps in the case where a good cause of action is united with one entirely untenable, in which case, the latter may be struck out. When it is said, too, that a demurrer must be to an entire complaint, it is meant only to an entire cause of action in a com- plaint. If there are several causes of action or counts set forth, separate demurrers may be interposed. And it was said in Ogdensburgh Bank v. Page,' that a complaint avowing several distinct acts done and committed by the defendants, and insisting that by each of said acts the defendant became liable to pay, might be regarded as analogous to a declaration con- taining several counts, and separate demurrers might be interposed to erch cause of action.,'4 Sand. 668. '3 sow. Pr. R. 410, 6 id.- 4 id. 413. 'Id. 2 Sand. 702, 1 0. R., N. S. 325, 6 How. Pr. R. '2 Code B. 75. ' And query within the caes cited, ante, pages 195 to 197, would not a demurrer to the whole complaint for not stating each cause of action separately have been well taken?,[on. va. 400
An objection to tohe: mere form of expression which the plaintiff uses, and to the phraseology, is not matter of substance, and is not subject to demur- rer. If in substance correct, but not- in form, the party aggrieved should require the pleading to be made more definite and certain by amendment.',In addition to the cases already mentioned in which a demurrer may be proper for an insufficient statement of facts, and what was said as to the suffi- ciency.of the complaint, ante, chap. iv., one or two further remarks only will be made in conclusion of this subject.,The Code has apparently assimilated the demurrer to the complaint under the new practice, to the same mode of proceeding under the former practice in equity. Whenever therefore, generally, a demurrer to the suestance of the bill would have been proper under that practice, a demurrer for a like defect may be allowed by the Code. There are, however, some exceptions: Thus demurrers were allowed for the reason that the value of the matter in suit or amount in controversy was frivolous; fixed by statute in this state at $100.' Since the abolition of the distinction between legal and equitable remedies, this provision is probably no longer in existence. So too on a bill brought to enforce a penalty or forfeiture, or to obtain relief for which the plaintiff had a clear remedy at law, a demurrer would lie. This of course is no longer applicable to the:new practice.,' owell v. Fraser, 1 0. R., N. S. 270, Special Term, per MITCIIELL, J.,' 2 R. . 13 ed. § 61, page 234, 4 Paige, 304.
In most cases, however, a demurrer to a complaint for defect of substance, will be proper where a de- murrer to a bill for the same cause would have been sustained. Thus the objection may be so taken when the complaint shows that the plaintiff has no interest in the subject matter, and no title to institute a suit concerning it.' As if the complaint does not make out an equitable case in the plaintiff to the relief which he seeks; or if a suit be brought by one creditor against another to deprive him of a priority which he had lawfully obtained without any fraud.' So in case the complaint shows a claim which is un- lawful, or against the policy of the law; for in such and like cases there is a defect of title to maintain the suit.,Want of interest in the subject matter of the suit is not only a good cause of demurrer, in the case of a sole plaintiff, but if the suit is joint, want of interest in either of the plaintiffs is equally defective.' As if one of the parties be a mere agent of the other and have no further interest.' So also if two parties sue and the title is alleged to be in the one or the other of them in the alternative, for this shows that there must necessarily be a misjoinder of one or the other of the parties.',Want of interest in the defendant in the subject matter, is also a matter of substance, and demurrable if it appear upon the face of the complaint. Thus a married woman made a party defendant in an action,Cooper Eq. PI. 166, 169, Miff. Eq. P. 154, 231. ' Id. ' Story Eq. Pi. § 609 and §§ 231 to 237. 1 Barb. Chh.R. 157. ' See anito page 93. 402,[cO. TZ.
on contract, as on a bond or promissory note executed jointly by herself and husband, may demur. The complaint should not only show that the defendant has an interest, but also that he is liable to pay the plaintiffs demand. And in general if the case stated is such, that, admitting the whole complaint to be true, the court ought not to give the plaintiff the relief or assistance which he requires, in whole or in part, against all or against any of the defendants, it is not only a sufficient, but an appropriate ground of demurrer; and the objection thus appearing on the face of the complaint should be taken by demurrer, and ought not to be taken by plea.' This rule de- rived from the former mode of pleading in equ;ty cases is conceived to be equally applicable to plead- ings under the Code.',The manner of pleading the demurrer, and of stat- ing'the ground of the alleged objection, will be con- sidered under its proper head in this chapter.',1 Story Eq. P., § 520. ' Hoxie v. Cusbman, 7 L. 0. 149. ' Post, setion iv. of this ohaptor.,* 403
SECTION III. WHAT MATTES ImN TEE ANSWER OR REPLY MAY BE IED-,MUIIRED TO. UNDER the former equity practice a demurrer was applicable to a bill only, and could not be put in to a plea or answer. If the answer was bad in substance, and no proof was required by the plain- tig the cause could be heard upon bill and answer. This practice was retained by the original Code. No demurrer was allowed to an answer or reply. And if an insufficient answer was put in, it seems, the de- fendant might move to strike it out or for leave to proceed as for want of an answer.' Or, as in Boyce v. Brown,' if the case was brought on at the circuit, judgment would be rendered for plaintif (in analogy to cases in equity), on complaint and answer.,This practice was found to be inconvenient; ac- cordingly in the amendments made to the Code in 1849, the defect was remedied by allowing a demur- rer to both answer and reply. Section 158 provides that the plaintif may demur to the answer. "for in- sufficiency, stating in his demurrer the grounds there- of; and the plaintiff may demur to one or more of sev-,' 3 How. Pr. R. 391,7 Barb. S.C. R. 80.,I _ _ ` 1C. R. 72.
eral defences (and set-off) set up in the answer, and reply to the residue. ",The words "and set-off" were added by the amend- ment of 1851; and the words " defences and set-off" struck out and "counterclaim" inserted by the amendment of 1852.,Section 155 allowing a demurrer to the reply, re- mains the same as passed in 1849.,"If a reply of the plaintiff to any defence set up by the answer of the defendant be insufficient, the defendant may demur thereto, and shall state the grounds thereof.",It will be observed that a demurrer to both an- swer and reply is allowed only for one cause, ins2ffi- ciency. It may be a question and frequently is, and one which we have had occasion several times to al- lude to in the course of this work, what is the mean- ing and extent of the term in.uicient as used in these sections of the Code. Is an answer or reply to be deemed in~fficient only when defective in sub- stance, or is it inPuffient in this sense when it fails to comply with the rules of pleading prescribed by the Code ?' This subject was considered, ante, chap. vi. section 1, when treating of the reply, and the reader is referred to what was there said. The con- clusion arrived at in Fry v. Bennet' there cited, seems in all respects satisfactory, and most in accordance with the spirit and meaning of the Code, namely,,'Am. Code, § 153. 'See 6 How. Pr. B. 21. 1 C. B., N. S. 252.,405
that an answer (or reply) is to be deemed insucffieni in the sense of the Code, not only when it sets up a defence which is groundless in law, but when in the mode of stating a defence otherwise valid, it vio- lates those primary and essential rules of pleading which the Code has studiously retained. In that case this principle was applied where the defendant at- tempted by a general averment in an answer to jus- tify the publication of a libel. The court held that a mere repetition of the charge made in the libel, or a simple averment that it was true without setting forth, with requisite certainty, time, place, persons, and the particular acts which the defendant intends to give in evidence in support of his defence of justi- fication is bad pleading, and an insufficiency ser which a demurrer would lie under the Code.,The word "insufficient," in its largest sense, may, indeed, be thus construed, without any violence to language; and, although the Code specifies six gene- ral grounds of demurrer to a complaint, and but one to a reply or answer, I do not see why this one may not be held to include all. If, for example, the an- swer sets up a counterclaim, which, as we have seen, is in the nature of a cross-action between the parties, and should be stated substantially the same as an original complaint;' whatever defect would have been fatal on demurrer to such a- defence, if stated as a new action, may be now interposed to it for " insuf- fiiency" under the Code. Thus, if it show on its face another action pending for the same cause, or several causes of action, (counterclaims) improperly,' See ante, chap, . ase. 4.,[OH. VII>
united, it is manifestly insufficient as a defence under the Code, or, if any material allegation or averment, which it is necessary to prove on the trial in order to sustain it, be omitted, it is also insufficient. These remarks are equally applicable to the reply.,So, too, the Code requires that if there are several defences, they shall each be separately stated, and refer to the causes of action which they are intended to answer, in any manner in which they may be in- telligibly distinguished. This, too, is an essential rule of pleading retained by the Code; and, though in Fry v. Bennett it was not decided, though certainly intimated on the strength of Boyce v. Brown,' that such a defect alone would be a valid ground of de- murrer, yet, the general principle involved in that decision seems very clearly to establish this result. The same may be also said of the reply. Applying this principle to it, the defend a may treat it as in- edfl tien and demur whenever it is found to violate any provision of the Code, respecting what it shall contain, and also in the manner of statement. It may be demurred to, not only for setting up facts which do not constitute a defence to the new matter of. the answer, but also when such facts are incon- sistent with the complaint, or nnnecessarily repeated .in the reply.,Many of the rules of pleading relative to a demur- rer to a complaint, as laid down in the last section, are equally applicable to an answer or reply. Thus, we have seen that a demurrer must go to an entire,'7 Barb. S. C; R. 80.,__ 407
complaint, and will not lie to a part thereof. The same has been expressly held of the answer, as where a defendant selected several sentences forming a part of the statement of one entire defence, and demurred to them, replying to the residue. The question was, whether the defendant could demur except to an en- tire defence. GBRDLmY, J. overruled the demurrer, adding that he would have struck it out had a mo- tion been made to that effect.' In a recent case,' however, it has been doubted whether the demurrer is such a pleading as can be corrected on motion to strike out, unless in the case of a frivolous demurrer, provided for by section 247. * And, in an answer or reply, as well as in a com- plaint, a demurrer will not lie to immaterial matter, or for irrelevancy, or uncertainty, or other superfluous matter. If the whole matter of the answer is un- availing, and is no defence to the plaintiff's claim, it may be demurred to;' but if unimportant matter, having no bearing upon the controversy, is mixed up with it, or the allegations otherwise constituting a defence, are indefinite or uncertain, the remedy is by motion.',Nor will a demurrer lie for a mere informal man- ner of statement, when no essential requisite of plead- ing prescribed by the Cpde has been violated; as if the plaintiff should use the abbreviation vis. for the Latin word vereus, in the title of the complaint.,Cobb v. Frazee, 4 How. Pr. R. 413. ,Smith v. Brown and others, 6 How. Pr. R. 383. 6 How. Pr. R. 475. *3 Sand. 743. 1 C. R,, N. S. 325. 408,[H. 'Vn.
409 ·*Demuv're' to deial.-It was said in Snmith and others v. Greenin and another,' that a plaintiff can demur for insufficiency only to new matter which is set up by way of defence. It is presumed nothing more is meant by this than that it is no ground of demurrer if a defendant omits to deny any allegation of the complaint, or if his pleading does not really amount to a denial. It would be inconsistent with the decision made at General Term of the same court, which has been several times cited in this chapter,' to say that a denial in an answer ot reply, which violated a primary and essential rule of pleading recognized by the Code, was not liable to demurrer. This has been expressly decided in -the Supreme Court at Special Term, and a demurrer held to apply to a de- nial as well as to new matter; the word "same" in section 153 was said to refer to the word "answer," and not to "new matter." Such seems the correct view of the case, and it is believed is generally adopt- ed in practice.*jˆ-Thus, the answer is required to con-,2 Sand. 702. *Fry v. Bennett, 1 C. R., N. S. 238. 'Hopkina v. Everett, per BARCULO, J. 6 How. Pr. R. 159. * NOTE.-The ease of Thomas and Plumb v. Harrop and others, q IHow. Pr. R. 57, reported since this was written, maintains the contrary doctrine. That ease holds that a plaintiff cannot demur to an answer which does not purport to do more than deny some: of the allegations in the complaint. It is directly in conflict with the above .decisions, which I conceive sustain fully the doctrine laid down in the text, a doctrine which appears to me most sound in principle and convenient in practice. I prefer therefore to let the text stand precisely as written before seeing the opinion referred to.,It may be further remarked in this place that there is scarce-,27
tain a general or specific denial of each material allegation which the defendant intends to controvert. In the case last cited the defendant, instead of deny. ing each allegation, denied al connected together; that is, he denied that he did " assault the plaintiff, and seize him by the collar, and shake him violently." This was a mere evasion, and it was very properly said in that case that the oath adopted by the Code is for the purpose of requiring the defendant to admit so much of the charge as he cannot conscientiously deny, and thus narrow the issues to those points which are really in controversy. If, therefore, the defendant had wished to put the whole complaint in issue he should have denied each charge disjunctively. So, too, for the same reason, on a general denial now allowed by the Code, it would seem that, if the de- fendant merely denies generally that the whole com- ly a section of the code more difficult of construction than this (section 153) which allows a demurrer to an answer. It has been suggested that from the language of the section as amended in 1852 a demurrer can be interposed only to an answer setting up a counterdaim. But I am unwilling to adopt this construction. The word cotmterclaim was inserted in the sect on in place of the words " defence or set of," and if such construction be correct, then, of course, a demurrer could not have been taken to a mere denial. But it was expressly held in Hopkins v. Everett, above cited, before the amendment, that the section was not to receive this narrow construction; the word "same" it was said referred +) the word " answer" and not to " new matter" and therefore a demurrer was authorized to the answer generally, whether it consisted of .denial or of new matter. This seems to me to be not only a judicious but a necessary construction of the statute, and one which the profes- sion are at liberty to regard as controlling. Nor is such rule of construction at all affected by the amendment of 1852. 410,[OE. vn.
plaint is true, and does not deny generally each alle- gation in the complaint, the defect will be the subject of demurrer.,The rule is the same in respect to a demurrer to the reply. The Code has prescribed, in exactly the same words used in respect to the answer, the man- ner of denial, by way of reply to new matter in the answer.' If the denial do not refer distributively to the allegations in the answer, by the use of some word, such as " each" or "every," it will be liable to demurrer.,Demurlrer to new matter.-We have seen, ante, chapter v. section 3, in what cases the defendant may, and in what cases he must, set up a defence by way of new matter in his answer; and so also, ante, chapter vi. section 1, in respect to the reply. The mode and manner of stating such facts have also been particularly noticed in those sections. The new matter set up in the answer, and also in the reply, is required to be, in the language of the Code, " new matter constituting a defence ;" in the first case, to the plaintiff's complaint; and in the second, to the new matter set up by defendant.,This means, that the new matter set up must be an entire defence; or in other words, a bar to the action, or to such part of it as it professes to answer. Matters in mere mitigation of damages, as in an action for libel, it has been held, is not a defence, nor is such matter when pleaded the subject of a demurrer or reply.' But this does not extend to a partial de-,'Am. Code, § 153. ' Newman v. Otto, 4 Sand. 668. SEa. IL],411
fence set up by way of counterclaim, such as recoup. ment of damages, or set-off,' which is required to be specially pleaded, even though such counterclaim do not professto be an entire defence.',Though in an action for libel the defendant may justify and allege mitigating circumstances, yet, as we have had occasion to notice before, unless the matter in mitigation of damages is accompanied by a justifi- cation, it cannot be alleged, and is demurrable.' It was said in that case,' and has since been repeatedly held,' that the rule now is the same as before 'the Code, namely, that partial defences which did not affect the right of recovery, but the anount merely, are not issuable matters, and cannot be pleaded, but mnay be given in evidence on a denial; such as the bad character of the plaintiff,' and any other; matter which does not constitute an entire defence to the action. In an action for libel, malice in the defend- ant is the gist of the action,'and he may now set up the want of malice as a defence by specific answer.,The answer must be not only a defence, and an entire defence, but if it assumes to be a defence to the whole cause of action, and is only a defence to part, it is insufficient, and such defect will be a cause of demurrer.,The subject of inconsistent answers and defences has already been considered.' When, and in what,' Willis v. Taggard, 6 How. Pr. R. 433. ' Graham v. Stone, 6 How. Pr. R. 15; and see also, ante, page 265.,4 Sand. 664. ' Contra, 6 How. Pr. R. 160. Ante, pages 284 to 288.
cases they are defective and liable to demurrer, will be seen by reference to that branch of the subject. .And generally as to the sufficiency of new matter in. the answer, and the mode and manner of the state- ment thereof, the reader is referred to chapter v; section 3.,It is scarcely necessary in this place again to re- mark the entire and complete analogy between a de. fence by way of reply to new matter in the answer, and a defence to the plaintiff's complaint. As to in- sufficiency in the reply, therefore, the same reference may be made, and also to chapter vi. section 1, which- treats specifically of that subject.,Dlenul'er e to Coune'erclaim.-The counterclaim set, up by the defendant in his answer to the plaintiff's complaint, it has been seen, is similar in its nature to. a new action, and the rules governing the manner of such statement are the same.1 And generally a de. murrer will lie to such counterclaim for insufficiency in those cases where a demurrer would lie to the same. matter if set up. in an original complaint.',The Code, as we have seen, requires the counter- claim to be one existing in favor of a defendant and against a plaintiff between whom a several judgment: might be had in the action.' No other is authorized. to be set up, .and if a violation of the. rule appears; on the face of the pleading it will be good ground for demurrer. Thus where A, in a joint action, brought by-B & C, pleads a counterclaim existing,'Ante, chap. v. § iv. See ante, see. 2 of this chapter. 'Am. Code, § 153. srw. M.].,413
against B alone, it may be demurred to unless it also appear that a separate judgment may be proper in respect to the subject matter between A & B.,So if a counterclaim is not connected with the sub. ject of the action within the rule as we suppose it to be established,' or does not arise out of the contract or transaction which is the foundation of the plain- tiff's action, such defect if apparent and capable of being pointed out in the pleading is a valid ground of demurrer. Thus in an action on a note given on the sale of real estate, if the defendant should set up by way of recoupment, as a counterclaim, that the plaintiff subsequent to the sale committed a trespass on the lands, it would be manifest bad pleading and liable to demurrer. But matter which could hereto- fore have been properly introduced in evidence to mitigate or defeat damages by way of recoupment, though formerly it could only be set up by way of a notice, and could not be pleaded, may and must now be stated in the form of an answer, and is not demurtable as a partial defence.' So too in respect to a set of, the Code requires it to be alleged as a counterclaim in the answer, and it may be so alleged either as a full or par- tial defence, and though, as has been seen, a set off is considerably more extensive under the Code than formerly under the Statute,' it now embracing mat- ters of unliquidated as well as liquidated damages in all cases in actions on contracts, and being allowed in all cases of actions on contracts, yet it must be,Ante, pages 305, 306. Willis v. Taggard, 6 How. Pr. R. 433. 'Ante, page 301, 302. 414,[r. vn.
confined strictly within these rules of the Code. If A. undertake to set-off damages arising on contract in a suit brought by B. for damages for a tort or wrong, the remedy is by demurrer. And so if the action is on contract, and the set-off appear on its face to have accrued to the defendant after the com- mencement of the action, the plaintiff may demur.,SECTION IV. HOW TIE GROUNDS OF DEMURRER ARE TO BE,STATED. THE consideration of the subject of this section in- volves a difficulty arising from conflicting decisions that have been made in respect to the question whether, under the Code, a general demurrer is allowable, or whether the party demurring is not bound to point out specifically the defects and omis- sions which he claims render the pleading bad for the cause specified.,Section 145, as amended in 1849, (the words in italics being the amendment), and as it now stands, is as follows:,"The demurrer shall distinctly specify the grounds of objection to the complaint. Unless it do so, it may be die- * Smith v. Brown and others, 6 How. Pr. R. 385. ' Am. Code, § 247.,415
of the aleged causes of action etated therein.",Section 153, allowing a demurrer to the answer, as amended in 1849, 1851, and' 1852,' is as follows:," Or he may demur to the same for insufficiency, stating infhis demurrer the grounds thereof; and the plaintiff may demur to one or more of several counterclaims set up in the answer, and reply to the residue.",Section 155, allowing a demurrer to the reply, as originally passed in 1849, and as it now stands, is as follows:," If a reply of the plaintiff to any defence set up by the answer of the defendant be insufficient, the defendant may demur thereto, and shall state the grounds thereof.",It will be observed that in each of the above cases the party demurring is expressly required to " state the grounds" of his objection. In the case 'of a demuirer to the complaint, he must "distinctly specify' such grounds of objection, and if he do not, the de- murrer may be disregarded; that is, treated as a nullity, (the plaintiff having returned it, or notified the defendant that it would be disregarded,') and the plaintiff may thereupon enter judgment, as in case of a default.,The Code is silent as to how a demurrer to an an- swer or reply is to be treated, when such demurrer does not state the ground of the insufficiency. I un- derstand, however, the practice to be that it may be treated in the same way:as a demurrer to a complaint,See practioe on disregarding a pleading, ante. 4si,Ebus. vn. THE1'~dnwn",n.
which is defective in this particular. A demurrer, it has been said in a late case, is a pleading.whieh is not properly within the 160th section of the Code, so as to be the subject of a motion to strike out or make more definite;' unless, indeed, in case where, by the Code, the demurrer is clearly frivolous.' /If this summary manner, therefore, of treating the demurrer as a nullity were not allowed, the party aggrieved would have no remedy except to bring it on for ar- gument in the usual way.,JUSTICE WILLAD said in the case of Durkee v. Saratoga & Washington Rail Road Company' that "there is nothing in the Code which requires the party demurring to specify the ground of his demur- rer more distinctly than to indicate to which of the six classes it belongs." And he accordingly held that a demurrer to a complaint which specified the grounds of demurrer in this way; " 1. That seve- ral causes of action have been improperly united." " 2. That the complaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action," contained a sufficient specification of the ground of objection within the meaning of the Code. This followed thie decision in Swift and another v. Dewitt,' although JusTCE GRID- IEY in holding, in that case, that a ground of demurrer was well assigned which stated: that the complaint does not state a nufflcient cause of action, admitted that there was a class of cases in which this general form,Smith v. Brown and others, 6 How. Pr. R. 385. 'Am. Code, § 247.. '4 How. Pr. R. 226. 43 Id. 281. saw V.] i,411
of demurrer might not be sufficient; as for example to say generally that the complnaint slowed there was a defect of partie., without specifying who should be joined or who were misjoined. He thought, how- ever, it would be sufficient to say generally that the complaint hows 'on its face another action pending between the parties; and so it was sufficient also to say that it shows no cause of action.,JUsTICE MAsoN, in Hyde v. Conrad,' at special term, following these decision, regarded the question as settled on authority, notwithstanding a contrary de- cision in Glenny v. Hitclings, and applied the rule to the case of a demurrer to the answer, where the grounds of demurrer set up was that th facts stated are not sufiient to aBstain the defesce, or to constitute a valid dfence to the complaint. And JusTICE Wm- LARD in a subsequent case' decided the same thing, where a demurrer to an answer assigned as ground of demurrer that the answer "does not state facts sufficient to constitute a defence.",The correctness of these decisions has been ques- tioned, and the contrary held in several cases. Thus in Glenny v. Hitchings' JUSTICE SILL held a general allegation in a demurrer, that facts offioient to con- stitute a cauge of action are not stated in tle com- plaint, to be an insufficient specification of the grounds of demurrer within the meaning of the Code. JUSTICE HAND, at the Albany special term, October, 1849.' made a similar decision, holding a de-,5 How. Pr. R. 112. Anibal v. Hunter, special term, Jan'y, 1851, 6 How. Pr. R. 255. At Chambers, 4 How. Pr. R. 98. White v. Low, 7 Barb. S. 0. R. 204. 418,ECE. u.
murrer badly assigned which alleged that it does not appear that tl e plaintiff ad any title to the note whien the suit was commenced.' And in a very late case at the Dutchess special term' JUSTIoE BARcuTO in a care- fully considered opinion held, in accordance with the latter class of cases above mentioned, that the Code had abolished general demurrers and that the parti- cular objection must be specifically pointed out. This case involved the consideration of a demurrer to a cause of action which simply alleged that the complaint did not set forth sufficient facts. The opinion, to which the reader is referred, certainly presents some forcible, if not conclusive, reasons in favor of the propriety of this construction.',A question which has thus arrayed such respect- able authority on both sides, may be said emphatical- ly to be still a gtestio vexata, and will probably re- main so until put to rest by some controlling decision of the Court of Appeals, or by legislative enact- ment. All that it can be necessary or useful to say here in respect to it is simply this: It will in all cases be correct practice, and is proper and prudent (not to say absolutely necessary) to specify particu- larly the ground of the objection when the same can be done; accompanying it, if the pleader choose, with a general allegation that the facts alleged do not con- ,tit'ute a cause of action, &c. s&e Thus if a demur-,' And see note to case of Schwab v. Furniss, in N. Y. Superior Court. 1 C. B., N. S. 342.,'* How. Pr. R. Purdy v. Carpenter & West. ' And see also on the same point the cases of Grant v. Lasher, 2 C. R. 2. Hntcr v. Frisbee, Id. 59.,I J 1-' ,.'.- ,' / .. /'t'.q l .~ /. '.t i A' . t'i r *, ... , i . ':> . , .... ./ ' ,,-}'/ ..t ,/ i {"'.*'*: * i ,'." X ,/t . - ,,, ':./, .' '/. ,,'X. h.-/',+r. ' -: 1,'' /.. * ' .J..c /- ,' $to. r.],419
rer for want of jurisdiction be interposed, it.may. perhaps, in some cases, be sufficient generally to say, that the complaint shows a want of jurisdiction of the person of the defendant, or of the subject mat- ter, but surely it can be no particular hardship to point out briefly and clearly in what consists 'the want of jurisdiction. And so too in other cases, as that the plaintiff has not legal capacity to sue, or that the proper parties, plaintiff or defendant, have not been united.. It was certainly the rule in equity that a demurrer put in for want of the necessary parties must show who were the proper parties from the facts stated in the bill, not indeed in all cases by name, for that might be impossible, but in such man- ner as to point out to the plaintiff the objection to his bill, and to enable him to amend by making pro- per parties.' The same reason would apply, and with great force, to the case of a general allegation that the complaint or defence does not state facts,.&c. If the particular omission was pointed out, or the particular cause of defect, the party pleading it might be enabled to amend. The case of Russel v. Clapp,' and kindred cases, decided in respect to the answer, seem to me not entirely inapplicable to the theory of the Code relative to the demurrer. "Each par- ty," says the Court in the case last cited`, "should present in his pleading the facts which he intends to establish by proof, if controverted, and upon which ie expecta tke law to be pronounced. These facts should be so'presented that upon the trial the Court,. Story Eq. PI: § 543, and' ases there cited. 7 Barb. S. C. R. 482.
:cansee from the pleadings what facts are disputed and what are not; and be able to proceed to the de- termination, first of the disputed facts, and then of the right of the parties as established.",Doubtless there are cases in which, from their na- ture, a general allegation in the language of the Code would not only be sufficient, but proper. Thus, if a demurrer is taken for the cause that " there is another action pending between the same parties for the same cause," and the complaint plainly show this on its face, (which rarely happens) there can be little doubt, as was said in Swift v. Dewitt, supra,' that a demurrer in these words alone would be proper. In such case it might be difficult to make a more distinct or par- ticular specification of the grounds of demurrer. But in nearly every other class of cases such particular specification can, and, whenever necessary to apprise the other party of the exact point of objection, should be made, or if not made, the court, on] the trial or hearing, might, in a proper case, refuse to permit the point to be raised. Thus, if the plaintiff demur on the ground " that several causes of action have been improperly united," the question might arise as to what ," improper" union the party objecting meant; whether a union of two causes of action separate and distinct in themselves. and not referable to one only of the classes specified, or a union by blending and mingling together, contrary to the Code, two or more causes of action which might be properly united if separately stated, or omitting to number them as,' Ante page 417.
required by the rules.' In such. case it would be manifestly proper to state distinctly the precise point of the defect, which it is intended. to.raise on the ar- gument, and if not done, I think the court, in analo. gy to the practice on general and special demurrer under the old system, should refuse to permit any other question to be raised on the argument than the general question whether the causes of action are compatible. Indeed, it has been expressly held in case of a demurrer to an answer under the Code,' that if the demurrer does not specify the grounds thereof the objection. cannot afterwards be taken on the argument. The same principle is doubtless well applied to a demurrer to a complaint or reply.,SECTION V. OBJEOTION TO PLEADING WHEN TO BE TAKEN BY AN-,SWER, VWEN ON MOTION OR BY DEMURRER, AND WHEN DEEMED WAIVED. AN objection to a defective pleading may be taken in various ways. Sometimes it can be done only by demurrer; sometimes a motion to strike out the de- :fective pleading or matter is the proper course; some-,Sup. Court, Rules 74. ' Kneiss v. Seligman, 8 Barb. S. C. IR. 439. 3 How. Pr. R. 426. 422,[on. vmI
times a party has his election to adopt one or the other mode; and.sometimes the objection can be raised by answer alone.,These various modes of objection to a defective pleading have already been considered to some extent in the course of this work, their distinction pointed out, and perhaps most of the decisions upon the sub- ject referred to. It may, however, be useful briefly to present in this place a summary view of the ques- tion, for convenience of reference ;-and first, in what cases should the objection to a pleading be taken:,By answer.-A party may either demur to, or an- swer, the previous pleading of his adversary. He may do the one or the other, but cannot do both to the same cause of action. If he answers, his demur- rer is waived, though it is presumed he might be per- mitted .by the court, on terms, and on good cause shown, to withdraw an answer, and demur. When a demurrer has been overruled, the party demurring is not entitled to put in an answer as a matter of right, but the court in its discretion may allow him to do so on such terms as may be just, if it avppear that tl;e demurer was interposed in goodfaithi.',Under the old practice, where a demurrer was not frivolous, the court would allow it to be withdrawn on payment of costs, after they had ruled against it, on application made at the same term before judg- ment was entered.' Otherwise, if the demurrer was frivolous, even though the application was accompa-,' Am. Code, § 172. ' 1 John. C. 411. 2.id. 284. 3 id. 300, 3 John. 140. 2 Caines, 369.,423
nied by an affidavit of merits.' And by statute, where the demurrer was special for form, and over- ruled, judgment was absolute, and no plea or other defence could be allowed.' This, however, did not apply where the objection could be raised by general demurrer.' Uinder the Code it must appear, in all cases, that the demurrer was intcfposed in goodfaitl in order to authorize the court to allow an answer at all. Thus, the judgment, if a frivolous demurrer is of such a nature as to be clearly apparent that it is put in as a sham defence, will be final, and no affida- vit of merits can help it.' In every other case it is within the discretion of -the court, on overruling a demurrer, to allow an answer or not; but the usual course is on overruling the demurrer to give leave to the defendant to answer on payment of costs, without any affidavit of merits. If this provision, however, be not included in the order overruling the deaiurrer, the defendant may obtain it on motion, supported by an affidavit of merits, and that his demurrer was in- terposed in good faith.,It is to be observed that the answer is proper only to raise an objection to a pleading where that objec- tion does not appear on the face thereof, as for want of parties, another action pending, &c. &c. An an- swer which undertakes to raise an.objection to the,'1 John. 135. But see 10 Wend. 623. ' 2 R. S. (3d. ed.) 448, § 23. '7 Wend. 461. Though it seems there are eases in which, on an affidavit of merits, a defendant might be allowed to answer on the overruling of a frivolous demurrer, the court being satisfied that it was put in in good faith. Appleby v. Elkins, 4 Sand. 673. 424,[OH. vYM
complaint of any one of the causes of demurrer enumerated in section 144, where the objection ap- pears on the face of the pleading, may be regarded as ines2fient, within the meaning of the Code and the cases cited, ante, pages 409, 410.' If the partyintend to raise such objection he should do so by his demur- rer, leaving the other matters in the complaint unan- swered. Perhaps there is no exception to this rule, not even in the case of a complaint which upon its face shows a demand barred by the statute of limita- tions, notwithstanding the provisions of section ' 4 of the Code. The word " answer" in that section, being construed to include " demurrer,'" it would, therefore, be improper for the defendant to set up, in the same answer, the statute of limitations, with a denial or avoidance of the cause of action. Such a defence would be in the nature of an answer and demurrer to the same cause of action, and would be bad if pro- perly objected to.,Objection wAien taken ry demurrer or on motion.- We have remarked that sometimes a eemurrer is the only proper way to take the objection, sometimes it can be reached only on motion, and sometimes the party has his election. These distinctions have alrea- dy been considered and noticed in the first three sec- tions of this chapter. The following is a summary of the principles recognised by the Code, and which have been established by the leading decisions on this point:,1. Irrelevant and redundant matter cannot be de- ' See Hoxie v. Cushman, 7 L. O. 149. ' See ante, § 2, of this chapter.,28,425
murred to, but the objection must be taken by a mo- tion to strike out. This has ben- held in several cases which have been- aeady cited, and may be considered _- :ell settled. Irrelevant and redua. daitt diatters are allegations which have no bearing on the subject in controversy, and cannot properly be put in issue, when found in connection with such as are pertinent and constitute a cause of action or defence. A demurrer is proper only when an entire pleading is defective.',2. Nor is a demurrer proper in like cases, where the allegations are indefinite or uncertain. The re- medy must be on motion to make the pleading more definite and certain by amendment.',3. But the motion to strike out is not confined to mere matters of redundancy and surplusage. It may be made to an entire defence or answer, when such answer is sham, or i'devant.' And so, where an an- swer or reply is frivoloue, an application may be made for judgment on that ground.',4. In some of these cases, however, the plaintiff may demui, and is not necessarily driven to his mo- tion to strike out; thus, he may demur to an answer or defence which is ir7revant, or he may move to strike it out under section 152. "A pleading," says JUSTICE STmONG, is irrelevant which has no substan- tial relation to the controversy between the parties to the suit"'-such a pleading must, of course, be,' 3 Sand. 743. 6 How. Pr. R. 475. ' Sand. 702. 6 How. Pr. R. 221. ' Am. Codo, § 152. 6 How. Pr. R. 475. 'Am. Code, § 247, and see ante, pages 320, et seq. 358, 359. 'Seward v. Miller, 6 How. Pr. R. 312, and see ante, page 326.,[c.. vY
isn.fficient. And so, too, a frivolous reply or answer may, if the party prefer, be demurred to as insuffi- cient, although the Code gives a more summary reme- dy by an application for judgment. And it is recom- mended as the most correct practice that if there exist any doubt as to the character of the defence, or answer, in respect to its sufficiency, that is, whether it is really a frivolous or irrelevant defence or not, it is always proper to demur, instead of attempting to get relief on motion, for the reasons alleged in Dar- row v. Miller:' namely, that, in analogy to the old; practice, an answer must be palpably frivolous to such a degree as to satisfy the court that it was inter- posed for delay, or some other improper motive,' be- fore it will be struck out on motion. If not so, the court will deny the motion and leave the party ob- jecting to his demurrer.',5. A sham answer, it seems, is to be disposed of only on motion to strike out, and is not the subject of demurrer; that is, adopting the strict definition of the term, that a 87am pleading is one which is good on its face, but false in fact.' *,' How. Pr. R. 249. '1 Hill 370, 672, 663. 18 Wend. 080. 4 Cow. 142. 6 How. 21,312. 4 Sand. 660, and see on this subject pages 324, to 327 and eases there cited.,'6 How. Pr. R. 355. 5 Id. 249. * The above general rules are very concisely and well stated by JtISTICE BARCULO, in Niohols v. Jones, 6 How. Pr. R. 358, as fol- lows: "If an answer othewiso good is loaded with unnecessary and redundant matters, the plaintiff's counsel should move, under section 100, to have such matters expunged. If doubts are entertained as to the sufficiency in law of the answer, and the opinion of the court is desired, it must be obtained by demurrer. If, however, any de-,427
6. Where pleadings are defectively-stated; that is, where they violate some essential rules of pleading adopted by the Code, as where the reply is inconsis- tent with the complaint, or where two or more de- fences are mingled and blended together, &c. it seems that a demurrer may be allowed;' but the party aggrieved may also move to strike out, or make the defective pleading more definite and certain; and he should be required to resort to his motion when- ever the defect can be effectually corrected in that way.,Objection oTAher deemed waieed.-This is particu- larly provided for by the Code. Every objection which may now be taken by demurrer, or which, if not appearing on the face of the complaint, should be set up in the answer, is deemed to be waived by a failure to demur or answer, except only the ob- jection to the jurisdiction, which may be raised at any time, and the objection that the complaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of ac- tion.2,This section (sec. 144,) is exclusively applicable to the pleading on the part of the defendant. There seems to be a defect in the Code in not extending it to the plaintiff's reply to a counterclaim. Thus, if a defendant do not demur for misjoinder of parties appa- fence is palpably insufficient, a motion for judgment on the ground of frivolousness is the proper course; and if the matters of defence can be shown to be clearlyfalse, a motion to strike out as sham wril rCach the evil.",See what was said on this point, ante, pages 409, 410. ' Am. Code, §144.,n_
rent on the complaint he is held to have waived the objection, but if the same defects occur in the coun- terclaim, the plaintiff may omit to demur or otherwise point them out' to the defendant, and yet be in a situation to take advantage of them on the trial. A alone may thus sue B on a contract in which C is jointly interested, and if the particular objection is not taken by demurrer or answer on the part of B it cannot be used on the trial to defeat the action; but in a prior suit by B if A should set up the same claim by way of off-set, B need not raise the objec- tion of the non-joinder of C in his reply but may prove it on the trial in defeat of the off-set.,A defect'of jurisdiction may be shown at any time and wherever it appears it is fatal to the action. And courts of inferior and limited jurisdiction must show it affirmatively, on their proceedings.,That the complaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action is also fatal, whether the objection be taken in the pleadings or not, and it is not held to be waived.' The defendant may ap- peal from the judgment, and the same will be re- versed for the defect of the pleading.' Though it was said in Carley v. Wilkins,' that where the defendant sought a new trial on the evidenwe, and did not ap- peal on the ground of the insufficiency of the com- plaint, there, evidence showing a good cause of ac- tion under a bad complaint, will sustain the judg-,Luddington v. Tefft, 10 Barb. S. C. R. 44. Rayner v. Clark, 7 Barb. 581. '6 Id. 557.
ment. The correctness of this within the case of Rayner v. Clark may be questioned.,SECTION VI. ?BRIVOLOUS DEMORBER AIND PAOTICE TTHEREON. THE Code as originally passed contained no pro- vision authorizing judgment on a summary applica- tion in case a demurrer was frivolous. Section 247 of the amendments of 1849, is as follows:-,"If a demurrer, answer, or reply, be frivolous, the party prejudiced thereby, upon a previous notice of five days. may apply to a judge of the court, either in or out of court, for judgment thereon, and judgment may be given accord- ingly.",It will not be necessary or useful here to notice the various decisions made prior to this amendment as affecting and regulating the practice under the original Code.' The amendment itself, prescribes specifically and definitely,the practice, and points out the remedy. The most serious question likely to arise under the. section in respect to the demurrer will probably be, what is a frivolous dsmrrer ? By a frivolous demurrer under the old practice was meant,1 1 Code B. 26, 49, 84. 3 How. Pr. B. 280,289.,[oMa. vn. 430
a dsmurrer interposed merely for delay, and which has no color or foundation.' There seems, however, to have been a distinction recognized between such a demurrer interposed in bad faith, and one which might perhaps have been put in with the hope of its proving successful, although with no expectation of its deciding the cause. In the former case, that is, when not put in in good faith, the court would not grant the defendant leave even on an affidavit of merits to plead over. 'But in the latter case it seems on such an affidavit he might.' This same distinc- tion seems to be recognized by the Code. If it ap- pear that tlo demurrer was interposed in good faith the court in its discretion may allow the party to answer.' Perhaps, therefore, the definition above, that a frivolous demurrer is one interposed merely for delay is too narrow, for a demurrer under the pre- sent, as under the old practice, may be entirely friv- olous, that is without any color or foundation, and yet have been put in not for delay alone, but with some expectation of its success. In such case it would be very properly overruled on summary ap plication under section 247, but the defendant on the proper affidavit should be allowed to answer. This was intimated in the case of Appleby v. Elkins' where, on ruling a demurrer to be frivolous, judg- ment was directed for defendants, and there being no affidavit of merits, leave to answer was refused ;*,' Grah. Pr. 750. ' 10 Wend. 623. ' Am. Code. § 172. Enos v. Thomas, 4 How. Pr. R. 48. '2 Sand. 673. The complaint in that case was as follows: "That the defendant on the first of August, 1849, made his pro- SE0. VL],431
an answer in such case was allowed in Enos & others v. Thomas & others, at special term.',It was held in a case under the Code, that where a complaint by an endorser of a promissory note al- leged that the plaintiff was the "lawful holder" of the note, and the defendant demurred, alleging for cause that it did not appear from the complaint that the plaintiff was the " owner" of the note, that such a demurrer could not be treated as frivolous.' But a demurrer will be regarded as frivolous if it ap- pears to be taken merely for delay, or if the grounds of the demurrer are clearly untenable. Thus it was held at special term in Howell v. Frazer & others' that if a party mistake his remedy and demur when the objection should be taken by motion to make the pleading more certain, the demur- rer is frivolous. In that case the defendant demur- red because the complaint alleged that the plaintiff believed, c&., instead of alleging on his information missory note as follows (setting forth a copy) and delivered the same to Noah Ridley, (the payee) who thereupon endorsed the same to the plaintiff. That the said defendant did not pay the same when it became due, and that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff upon the same note in the sum of $160 besides in- terest.",The defendant demurred for the following causes. 1. That the complaint does not show that the plaintiff is the law- ful holder of the note on which the action is brought. 2. It is not averred that the said note is due. 3. The complaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action.,'4 How.Pr. R. 48. 'Beech v. Gallup, 2 Code R. 66. '.6 How. Pr. R. 221. 1 C. R., N. S. 271. 432,[Eo. Vy
and bedief. It was remarked by JusTIcEs MaTOnEL, "If a pleading is correct in substance, but not in form, the remedy is not by demurrer, but by a mo- tion to make it more certain or definite, or by some other way than demurrer. The Code never intend- ed that judgment should be given against a party who has merits for a mere matter of form.",Nor will a demurrer be overruled as frivolous in. a case where the defendant demurs and answers to the same cause of action. In such case the answer cannot be treated as a nullity, and judgment render- ed for plaintiff because of the frivolousness of the demurrer. The proper course it seems is to move to strike out the demurrer or the answer.',It will be impossible to enumerate the cases in which a demurrer may be deemed frivolous; nor in- deed is it an easy matter to lay down any general rule that will reach every variety of case. A frivolous demurrer is one which without argument and at first glance must be pronounced bad. The grounds there- of shbuld be clearly untenable;' and if the matter is fairly susceptible of argument it should not be treat- ed as a frivolous demurrer. The mere -argument of counsel, in opposition, is not sufficient; there should be some color or semblance of reality.' The divid- ing line, however, between a real and a frivolous de- murrer, is not by any means clearly defined, and it will in general rest much in the discretion of the- court whether to entertain the motion at chambers,'5 How. Pr. R. 5. Neefus v. Kloppenburgh, 2 Code R. 276. 'Grab. Pr. 769. ssxw r~ ,
and on five days' notice, or whether to put the party to his motion, on regular notice, at the cir- cuit court or special term. This seems now to be really the only practical point of distinction between them; for as all issues of law (unless otherwise or- dered) are now by the Code required to be tried at special term or circuit court, and have preference on the calendar,' there will not in general be much de- lay in getting a decision. Where there are doubts therefore, as to the frivolousness of the demurrer it will be always better to notice it in the regular way for the first circuit or special term in the county where the trial is to be had.',A motion for judgment, on the ground of the fri- volousness of the demurrer, may be made before the expiration of the time to amend, and if an amend- ment be made, so that the demurrer is no longer fri. volous the motion will be denied without costs.','Am. Code, § 255. ' See post, chap. 8, see. 2, as to how and where an issue of law is to be tried.,Curril v. Baldwin, 4 Sand. 690. 434,CCE. Vir.
CHAPTER VII.,OF THE ISSUE. THE parties having made their various allegations, and an issue being formed presenting the points in controversy in the suit, the next consideration will be as to the mode and manner of disposing of this issue, and as to the legal effect of the matters pleaded, and how they are to be used upon the trial. A full con- sideration of this subject would involve to some ex- tent the subject of practice in courts of law. Keep- ing in view the object of this work, which has been simply to treat upon the pleadings in an action, as a distinct branch from the practice, I shall not attempt to comment at length upon the mode and manner of conducting the trial of an issue, either of law or of fact, but will barely glance at it for the purpose of enabling the reader more clearly to com- prehend the nature of some questions of pleading, growing out of and connected with the issue.,The present chapter will be divided into the fol- lowing sections:,1. Issues of law and of fact. 2. How and where issue to be tried.,435
admitted on the trial,4. Pleadings, how to be construed. 5. Special rules applicable to pleadings.,SECTION I. ISSUES OF LAW AND OF FACT. The definition and nature of an issue have not been materially changed by the Code. Blackstone defines an issue to be: " When in the course of pleading they come to a point, which is affirmed on one side and denied on the other, they are then said to be at issue."l A broader definition, and one more conformable to the theory of the Code, is given by another writer thus: " An issue is, when both parties join upon somewhat that they refer unto a trial, to make an end of the suit."' The issue is very accurately defined by Ste- phen in his treatise on pleading to be: "Some ques- tion, either of fact or law, disputed between the par- ties, and mutually proposed and accepted by them, as the subject for decision."',The Code defines an issue substantially in the same terms:,' 3 Blaok Cor. 313. ' Finch Law, 336. ' Steph. on Pl. 124. 436,[Co. Vi. TEE ISSUE,
§ 248. Issues arise upon the pleadings, when a fact or con- clusion of law is maintained by one party and controverted by the other. They are of two kinds:,1. Of law; and 2. Of fact. It is obvious that the object of all pleading is the prodaccion of an issue-that which, in the language of the Code, is " maintained by one party and contro- verted by the other." The controversy between the parties is to be narrowed down to the exact points in dispute, and these are to be referred to the proper tribunal for decision. The pleading is the record of these allegations to enable the tribunal before which the issue is tried to understand and de- termine the precise points in controversy. There is no difference in this respect between pleadings at law and in equity. Both are designed "to bring the matters in controversy between the parties who are interested therein, before the tribunal by which they are to be adjudicated."',Under the Code, as at common law, issues are of two kinds, of law and of fact They are thus de- fined:,§ 249. An issue of law arises 1. Upon a demurrer to the complaint, answer, or reply, or to some part thereof.,§ 250. An issue of fact arises 1. Upon a material allegation in the complaint, contro- verted by the answer; or,,2. Upon new matter in the answer, controverted by the reply; or,,'Story, Eq. PI. § 1. aso. L]
3. Upon new matter in the reply, except an issue of law is joined thereon.,It will thus be seen that an issue of law arises wholly on a demurrer, that is, where the party taking such an objection, admits the allegations sot forth in the pleading of the opposite party to be true, but claims that the allegations do not disclose such a case on the merits as constitutes a good cause of action or defence. This issue so raised is wholly a question of law to be tried by the court. An issue of fact, on the contrary, arises on the denial by either party of the allegations in a pleading. The allegation denied or controverted, in order to produce such an issue as is contemplated by the Code, must be " a m rial al- legation,"' that is, as I understand it, not an allegation - hich, if disproved, would be entirely dcisve of the -ihole issue, but an allegation rnaterial to the specific,relief sought, whether in the enforcement or protec- tion of a right, or the redress or prevention of a wrong,' and material to the judgment which the court is to pronounce upon proof of the facts, or such of them as entitle the party to judgment. This issue so raised is t , e by a jury, or in certain cases, by the court sitti- a jury, or by referees.,The Cod Aes further: that ' § 250 Code, Sub 1.-The second and third subdivisions of the section, defining how an issue is raised on " new matter" in the answer or reply, omits the word " material." It cannot be doubted, however, that the " new matter" spoken of is such only as is " ma- terial" to the nature of the relief sought, or the defence interposed. See ante. ' Code, Pro. § 2. 438,[on. vm.
" Issues, both of law and of fact, may arise upon different parts of the pleadings in.thy same action. In such cases, the issues of law must be first tried, unless the court other- wise direct."',The words in italics in the above section were not in the original Code, and were inserted by the amend- ments of 1849. It having been held in the case of Manchester v. Storrs, that there could not be a de. murrer to one cause of action, and an answer to an- other, a remedy was provided for this inconvenience in the amendments of the same year, by inserting in section 145 that a demurrer might be taken " to the whole complaint, or to any of the alleged causes of action stated therein." And, also, in section 151, "That the defendant may demur to one or more of several causes of action stated in the complaint, and, answer the residue.",It was said in a case in the N. Y. Superior Court' that the defendant may demur and answer to the same cause of action; in other words that an issue of law and of fact might arise at the same time on the same allegation. This question has been repeat- edly, since the above amendments of 1-849, decided otherwise in the Supreme Court, and it is believed the practice is now well settled that a party cannot demur and answer the same pleading. In Spelman v. Welder, JUSTICE WrLTAnD, in such a case refused,' Code, § 251. 2 3 How. Pr. 410. * The People v. Meyer, 2 C. R. 49, and see also on the same point, Gilbert v. Davies, id. 50.,' 4 How. 373, 3 Code I. 59, 5 How. 5. Id. 206. BEO I.],439
to treat the answer as a nullity and to render judg- ment on the demurrer as frivolous, holding the pro- per remedy of the party to be to move to strike out one of the pleadings, and to compel the opposite party to elect by which issue he would abide.',If it be thus necessary that a separate issue of law or of fact be raised on each distinct cause of action or of defence, and that the two cannot be interposed to the same allegations, so too must an issue of law or of fact be joined upon an entire cause of action or defence. Mere statements and allegations which do not of themselves constitute one entire ground of action or defence, cannot be demurred to. No issue is formed by such a demurrer capable of trial, and the party aggrieved may move to strike it out.',I8sue muat be ingle.-It is laid down in the books on pleading that an issue should be singe, certain and mateilia.' By single is not meant that only one point is to be presented for trial, or one question to decide the action. Even under the old system of pleading at law, this was not the case.' It was found that some controversies might admit of many ques- tions arising on the pleadings, or distinct issues, as for example where several distinct causes of action were united in the same declaration, or several pleas plead- ed to the same claim. The determination of the whole matter in controversy necessarily required that,5 How. Pr. B. 6. '4 How. 418. 8 id. 410. Stephen Pi. 135. 1 ChiL PI. 652. ' 8 Caines, 162. 1 Burr. 316. 8 Wend. 129. 2 John, 462. 3 Cow. 308. 6 id. 45. . 440,[Coa vm.i
all these several issues should be decided. Under the old common law pleadings it was said that in the case of several claims united in the same declaration the issues raised on. each claim should all be decided, but that in case of a single claim. the same considera- tion did not apply, for the decision of any one of the material issues that may arise upon it will be suffi- cient to dispose of the entire claim.' This doctrine is not entirely applicable to the Code, which pro- vides that " the defendant may set forth as many de- fences as he shall have," &c. Thus, to a contract he may plead the statute of limitations, infancy, duress, &c., and raise several distinct issues the determina- tion of one of which adversely to the defendant does not necessarily decide the action. All that is meant now by the rule, that the issue must be single, is that upon a single claim, as for damages, or the recovery of specific real or personal property, each matter of defence set forth shall in the language of the Code be "separately stated," and that each of such sepa- rate matters of defence to each 8ingle claim alleged shall present an issuable point, capable of being tried.,Must be certain. The issue was also required to be certain. By this is meant that the issue must bepar- ticular or pecific, as opposed to undue generality. It was considered one of the essential qualities of the issue that it should be certain.' A material and tra- versable fact must in general be expressly stated, and cannot be inferred from other parts of the plead-,* Stelb. on PI. 131. g Steph. on PI. 133.,29 sEr I.],441
ing;' although, as we have seen, there are excep- tions.' So too, certainty in the issue required a certain time and place to be stated to every material and traversable fact. This, however, is now mere matter of form, unless, perhaps, in those cases where time and place enter into the substance of the con- tract, and must be proved to sustain.the action.' So too, the pleadings were required to specify quantity, quality, and value,' in order to effect this certainty in the issue, which the rrtificial rules of pleading at common law required. The certainty required in the pleadings was what was called certainty to a com- mon intent," that is what, in on a fair and reasonable construction, may be called certain without recurring to possible facts,' or, to adopt a former definition of the Code, the facts must be stated in such a manner as " to enable a person of common understanding to ' know what is intended.'",Must be matrial. But the essential point in the issue was, and under our new system of pleading still is, that it should be material. The pleadings are, therefore, required to stats material and esuable facts. No allegations, except such as may be tra- versed, and as may properly be put in issue and tried can be inserted. Or, if such- allegations are inserted, they may be entirely disregarded. A neg- lect to answer them cannot in any way prejudice the other party; for it is only every material alle-,7 John. 75. ' Ante. ' Ante, pages 254 to 257. ' Steph. on P1. 295. ' 4 Barb. 596. ' 9 John. 314,19 id. 849. 442,[OH. vm.
gation in the complaint, &c., which is to he taken as true unless denied.:,A demurrer admits only the facts stated in the complaint which are material to the action, relevant and well pleaded, and does not admit conclusions or inferences of law. In analogy with this rule it has been laid down that such conclusions and inferences, as well as all other matter not material to the issue, should not be controverted or denied by the plead- er;' but that they should be entirely disregarded un- less a motion is made to strike them out as irrelevant or redundant.',An immatWiaM i Sue, as contradistinguished from a materiat issue, ib defined to be an issue "unfit to decide the action,"' one that "will not deternmine the merits of the cause,"' " a point not decisive of the right of the case."',JUDGE SELDENx thinks this rule cannot be applied to an action for equitable relief, but is merely an in- cident of the mode of trial in common law actions.' A "material issue" in the common law sense he d- fines an issue decisive of the whole case; -in an equity sense it is.on issue upon a fact which has smne bear- ing upon the equity sought to be established. It is unnecessary to repeat here what was said in the first chapter of this work" relative to this distinction,-a distinction which it is believed cannot be sustained,'9 Barb. S. C. B. 301. Story Eq. PI. 452. Ante. 'See Bedell v. Stickels, 4 How. Pr. 432. 'Steph. on PI. 129. ' 1 Chit. PI. 692. ' Gould PI. oh. 6. § 27. ' Wooden v. Waffle, 6 Pr. R. 151. 'Ante,,443
in practice or upon principle. If the facts spoken of by the learned justice, as.having "some beariig upon the equity sought to be established" are not mere matters of evidence but such as are, or may become, material to the particular relief asked, then they are such facts as can properly Be put in issue and tried. And although the determination of one of such facts may not be decisive of the whole case, yet if such determination will have an essential bearing upon the relief demanded and will materially affect the judgment to be rendered, an issue joined upon such fact cannot certainly be called immaterial.,In Stafford v. Mayor of Albany,' the Supreme Court of this state defined an immaterial issue to be "where that which is naterieally alleged by the plead- ings is not traversed, but an issue is taken on such a point as will not determine the merits of the action." The court can render no judgment on a verdict on such an issue unless indeed in those cases where the defect is not in substance but merely in the form or manner of statement, and wiich is cured by the ver- dict.',The old practice at common law was, where an im- materiai issue was formed, the court ordered the par- ties to plead anew, for the purpose of obtaining a better issue. This is called a repleader.' This, how- ever, was only done where it appeared that the matter, if well pleaded, would be a good defence, and not in those cases where it appeared that such matter could never be made good by any sort of plea.; If the,' 6 John. 1. ' And see post. seo. v. of this chapter. ' Bouv. Law Diet. title,1Repleader. ' 2 Ld. Rogan, 924, 1 Burr. 301.
defect was in the form or manner of statement, and issue is taken in it, and such an immaterial issue is ti, thc ViaL rt repleader is proper: but, if defective in substance, and the court cal see that in any way of putting it the party can have no merits, and the issue joined thereon be found for him, the court will not grant a repleader, but give judgment notwithstand- ing the verdict.' A repleader is always awarded on the form and manner of pleadings, and not on the merits.',How alppicabl to the Code. These principles are not entirely inapplicable to pleadings and practice under the Code. The question may arise, how is an immaterial issue to be disposed of? Doubtless, the court, as under the old practice, if the defect be not in the form or manner of the statement, but such as to render it apparent that no manner of setting forth the matter will avail to raise a material issue, may render judgment, and even if an issue be joined and found for the defendant, the court may render judgment against him notwithstanding the verdict. Where the complaint does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action, and a general or spe- cific denial is interposed, the issue is clearly immate- rial. Such an issue is incapable of being tried. The plaintiff can give no evidence of any material fact not alleged in his complaint; in other words, he cannot prove a good cause of action under a com- plaint containing none.' The Code itself provides,' Otis v. Hitohoook, 6 Wend, 433. 'Bellows v. Shannon, 2 Hill, 86. 'Bristol v. Rensselaer Rail Road Co., 9 Barb. 8. 0. R. 159. SEO. L],445
not remedy the defect;' a verdict or report of referees and judgment will not cure such an immaterial issue.' The defendant might move in arrest of judgment, or, failing to do that, appeal from the judgment.' It has, however, been held in a late' case,' that where a good cause of action has been established by proof, without objection under such an issue, there the defendant lost his right on a case made to review the evidence and on motion for a new trial, to raise an objection to the sufficiency of the complaint. In that case, a report of referees which appeared to be sustained by evi- dence, was allowed to stand notwithstanding the com- plaint contained no cause of action. The court held that the defendant should have objected on the trial to the plaintiffs proving any material fact not con- tained in the pleading, and this would have enabled the referee to dispose of the question at once, and if necessary, permit the plaintiff to apply for leave to amend.,It is presumed that under the present system, the practice of granting a repleader in cases of an immna terial issue no longer exists. Where the issue is fatally defective and cannot be cured by amend- ment, the court, as under the old system, can effectu- ally dispose of the question. In cases, where, under the old practice, a repleader would have been pro- per after verdict, for some defective manner of state-,§ 148 Am. Code. 9 Barb. S. 0. R. 159. ' '' ' Rayner v. Clark, 7 Barb. 8. . R. 581. 'Carley v. Wilkins, 6 Barb . 0. S IL. . 5. - 446,[Con. iX TiE ISSUE.
'ment, the same thing can now be accomplished by amendment,' the Code providing for amendments before or after judgment, by inserting other allega- tions material to the case, or by conforming the pleading or proceeding to the facts proved.',SECTION II. IBSUES HOW AND WHEE TIIED. IT remains briefly to consider how and where the issues in an action are to be tried, and first:-,What is a tria. A trial is defined by the Code to be "the judicial examination of the issues between the parties, whether they be issues of law or of fact."',There are three kinds of trial, namely, trial by the court, trial by jury, and trial by referees. The com- missioners of the Code in their desire to produce uniformity in the mode of trial, as well as in the other proceedings, and in the pleadings in all cases, provided that all issues, whether of law or of fact, should be tried in the first instance before a single judge, and judgment entered on the direction of a single judge. The amendments to the Code of 1851 destroyed this uniformity of trial, by providing that issues of fact must be tried by a single judge, (except,'Corning v. Corning, 1 C. R., N. S. 351. 'Am. Code, § 173, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 13.1 'Am. Code, § 252, see Dodge v. Curry, 4 How. 123. SE. IL],44a
term, unless the court order the trial to be had at a special term.',This amendment was found to result in much vex- ation to suitors and unnecessary delay. It was pro- vided by section 251, that where issues of law and of fact aiose in the same action, the issues of law must be first tried, unless the court otherwise direct.,Under this section it was held in the Superior Court, in Warner v. Wigers,' that an issue of fact might, if no objection was made by the adverse party, be brought on for trial while an issue of law in the same action was undisposed of; and that a previous order was not necessary on the subject. The prac- tice in that court is, that whenever a cause in which issues of law and of fact are pending, is moved on the trial calendar, the court will determine which issues are to be tried first. This of course rendered it necessary to go the general term in the first instance, to dispose of the issues of law. Still it was found convenient, if not absolutely necessary, in most cases, to dispose first of the issues of law, though it has been held that no judgment can be entered'on the decision of a demurrer, while an issue of fact is not disposed of.' The delay attending the trial of a demurrer at general term, the decision of the issues of fact, in the cause, if there were any, being in the meantime suspended, rendered it desirable, if no other reason existed, to restore the former practice.,'Am. Code, § 255. : . 2 Sand. S.C. R. 685. ' '6 How. Pr. R. 114. .,. ' , . 448,[CIL VT. THIE ISUE
Accordingly, it is provided by the late amend- ments.," A11 issues of fact, triable by a jury, or by the court, must be tried before asingle judge. Issues of fact iathe Supreme Court, must be tried at a Circuit Court when the trial is by jury, otherwise at a Circuit Court or special term, as the court may by its rules presribe. Issues of law must be tried at a Circuit Court or special term, and shall, unless the court otherwise direct, have preference on the calen- dar."1,This, it is presumed, is intended to repeal so much of section 257,' as is inconsistent with it. By that section issues of fact were to be tried first, unless the court should otherwise direct; by the present amend- ment, issues of law have preference, unless otherwise ordered by the court.,It has been remarked that the Code provides three modes of trial-by jury, by the court, and by referees. An issue of law it has been seen is to be tried at a Circuit Court or special term, and by the court. It is not a proper subject for a trial by jury. It may, however, by consent of parties be referred.' Issues of fact are to be tried in one of the three ways above mentioned.,It has been a question how far the Code has really effected a uniformity of trial of issues of fact in all cases, and whether a distinction is not still recognized between the trial of cases for legal, and those for equitable relief. So far as the trial by the court or,§ 255 as amended 1852. Am. Code 1849. ' Am. Code, § 270. SEW mn,449
by referees is concerned, the mode of trial is equally. applicable to both classes of cases. Before the Code, it was provided by the new constitution, that "testimony in equity cases shall be taken in like manner as in cases at law,"' that is orally, in open court, or before a referee when the issue was referred. So far, there-. fore, as issues of law are concerned, and trials of issues of fact before the court, or before referees, there is nothing to prevent the attainment of a per- sect uniformity in the mode of trial, as well as in the other proceedings in the action.,Bat the question has been raised, and it has been held, that there is a difference in respect to trials of issues of fact before a jury, and that a uniform mode of trial has not really been provided by the Code.' If this be so, it is certainly contrary to what the commissioners intended. In their remarks on the title relative to " Trial and judgment in civil actions," they state very explicitly, that a main object has been to attain this uniformity of trial, and further express the opinion, that there is nothing either in the nature of equity cases, the number and variety of the questions raised in them, or the form of the pleadings, which renders them unitted to be tried by a jury.' The designseem to have been, however, to limit the trial and decision of equity cases, or per- haps more properly speaking, of all cases other than those which the Constitution expresslydeclared should,' Art. 6, § 10. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 428, 8 0. R. 49, 5 How. 216, Crary w.,Good- man,9 Barb. 663, Cochran v. Webb, 4 Sand. 663.,' First Rep. Com. pp. 176 to 181.
be triable by jury, mainly to the court and to refe- rees. Accordingly, they provided first for the trial by jury of that class of cases indicated by the Con- stitution, namely, for the recovery of money damages, or specific real and personal property. The section as amended in 1849, to include divorce for adultery, is as follows:--," At issue of law must be tried by the court, unless it be referred, as provided in sections 270 and 271. An issue of fact, in an action for the recovery of money only, or of speci- sic real or personal property, or for a divorce from the mar- riage contract, on the ground of adultery, must be tried by a jty, unless a jury trial be waived, as .rivided in section 206, or a reference be ordered as provided in sections 270 and 271.'",Section 270, referred to, provides for the reference of any issue by consent of parties. Section 271 for a reference 1st, where the trial shall require the ex- amination of a long account; 2d, where the taking of an account, or the proof of any fact is necessary before judgment, or for carrying the judgment into,Art. 1, § 2, Constitution provides "The trial by jury in all cases in which it has been heretofore used, shall remain inviolate forever. But a jury trial may be waived by the parties in all civil caes, in the manner to be prescribed by law.",The oases in which it has been heretofore used are cases at com- mon law, claiming compensation in damages, or recovery of the specifioreal or personal property. Except that a reference might be ordered, when the trial would require ths examination of a long account.,' Am. Code, § 253. nb o.],45i1
action otherwise than upon the pleadings.,:The "specific real or personal property" mention- ed in the above 'section as a claim properly triable 'by jury, has reference only to actions for the re- covery of chattels, equivalent to the old actioh of replevin, or the recovery of the possession of real estate, as in the action of ejectment, and does not relate to claims in equity.' The Code, therefore, gives the' party a right to his trial by jury only in those cases'where it was previously guaranteed by the Constitution, and in the case of a divorce from marriage on the ground of adultery. The revisers however, evidently contemplated extending, rather than restricting, the trial by jury, and of making it equally applicable to all classes of cases, whether legal or equitable. Accordingly the court is cloth- ed with power to order the whole or a part of any issue to be tried by jury.,Section 254. Every other issue is triable by the court, which, however, may order the whole issue, or any specific question of fact involved therein, to be tried by a jury; or may refer it as provided in section 270 and 271.,If any such distinction therefore exists, as to the mode of trial, or the forum before which the trial shall be had, between claims for legal and equita- ble relief, as is supposed by JUSTICE MASON in Hill v. McCarty' and has been more recently held in Crary v. Goodman' it is a distinction resting entirely with,' 4 How. Fr. R. 423. 3 Code, Rep. 49. ' 9 Barb. S. 0. R. 663. 452,[CI. vI. TILE ISSUE.
the court to preserve- or abolish.' The court may order "the whole issue" (in every case as we under- stand it,) to be tried by a jury, and certainly, in such case, the mode of trial will be uniform, as the rest of the proceedings, and the pleadings are required to be, in all classes of cases. The Constitution re- quires certain cases to be tried by a jury-that is cases at common law. The legislature could not re- peal this provis:on. The Code without expressly re- quiring equity cases to be tried the same way, except in an action for divorce for adultery, provides that they may be so tried in the discretion of the court. In order to carry this object into effect the court by its general rules provides that where either party to such an issue desires a trial by jury he may within ten days after issue joined give notice of a motion to settle the issues and such issues are to be settled in the form prescribed in § 72 of the Code.',I do not intend to speak particularly of the mode and manner of fra:ing such an issue, or gene- rally of bringing on the issue for trial, as this more properly belongs to the subject of " practice," which is not within the design of this work. An issue is considered as joined for all pn:'poses, except amend- ment, immediately on the service of a reply, or an answer which sets up io counterclaim.' Either party may serve notice of trial immediately and before the time to amend expires, but he does so at his peril. and without prejudice to the right of the opposite,'Per PARKER, J. 6 How. Pr. R. 271. Rules Sup. Court 74. ' Cusson v. Whallon, 1 C. R., N. S. 28. BsEo. n.],458
trial, and judgment be obtained before the expiration of the time to amend, Iae party having the right to amend may do so, and the judgment will be set aside. Though, if, in such case, the plaintiff does not amend, the judgment it seems is regular. The right to amend is notper 8e a stay of proceedings.',Iesues, wlitere tred.-The Code has made specific provisions respecting the place of the trial of civil actions, and under these provisions a variety of deci- sions have been made which respect mainly the practice of the court to change the vetue as it was called, or place of trial.,At common law, the venue was either local or t*'ns:itcry. If local, it munt be laid in the county, anc th e ease ti tr-ed ii the cuty whei the c au e action ;:.:-se. If t':'ssiteC, e* ecˆ.an he laid in s, county, and the cause of action tried na »uci. u..:,, subject, however, to its being changed by the court in some cases, if not laid in the county where the cause of action really arose.' It is perhaps unnecessary under our system, to enquire in what cases at common law or under the Revised Statutes of New York,' an action was said to be local, and in what cases transi- tory. A party is not at liberty now to lay his venue in any county he may choose to designate in the,Washburn v. Herrick, 4 How. Pr. I. 15. Morgan v. Leland, 1 Code. R. 123. 1 C. ., N. S. 28. 1 Chit. PI. 267, 2 Saund. 74. See 2 R. S. (3rd Ed.) page 506. 454,[oH VnL TE ISSUE
complaint, even in a transitory action, except in the single case of all the parties being non-residents.',The following actions must be tried in the county in which the subject of the action or some part thereof is situated, subject to the power of the court to change the place of trial in the cases provided by statute.,1. For the recovery of real property, or of an estate or interest therein, or for the determination in any form of such right or interest, and for injuries to real property.,2. For the partition of real property. 3. For the foreclosure of a mortgage of real property. 4. For the recovery of personal property distrained for any cause.',The following actions must be tried in the county where the cause, or some part thereof, arose, subject to like power of the court, to change the place of trial in the cases provided by statute.,1. For the recovey of a penalty or forfeiture imposed by statute; except that when it is imposed for an offence com- mitted on a lake, river, or other stream of water, situated in two or more counties, the action may be brought in any county bordering on such lake, river, or stream, and opposite to the place where the offence was committed.,2. Against a public officer, or person specially appointed to execute his duties, for an act done by him in virtue of his office, or against a person, who, by his command or in his aid, shall do anything touching the duties of such officer.',Am. Code, § 125. ' Am. Code, § 123. 'Am. Code, § 124. 8EOa m],466
county in which t,' ,.'t:-'s, or any of them shall reside at the ci:- .ir:.; sent of the action; or, of none of the part: .. s !.', side in the state, the same may be tried in a: K.,* :;iy which the plaintiff shall designate in his con',/.i.t; subject, however, to the power of the court to change the place of trial in the cases provided by statute.',The first two sections above quoted, are similar to the provisions of the Revised Statues relative to the venue in civil actions.' The last se ction may be said to be new, though similar to the 46th section of the Judiciary act of 1847, requiring the venue to be laid in a county where one of the parties resided, or an ad- joining county, and which section was subsequently, the same year, repealed.,It is said by JUSTICE SILL, in Lynch v. Mosher.' that the power of the Supreme Court to change the place of trial of transitory actions, for the convenience of the witnesses and parties, was originally exercised as an incident to its general jurisdiction, and that the exer- cise of such power was not the subject at statutory provision until the Revised Statutes of 1830. The Code does not define the cases in which the place of trial shall be changed, but leaves this question as it stood under former statutes. Its only effect is to take from the court the exercise of this power as a part of its general jurisdiction, and confine it to " cases provided by statute," and the right to exer-,X Am. Code, § 124. ' 2 R. S. (3d Ed.) 506. ' 4 How. Pr. R. 86, 2 Code R. 54. 456,TiHE ISUE.,[er. vm.
cise this power is now derived from the Revised Statues, and the 49th section of the Judiciary act of 1847.',The Revised Statutes provided that transitory actions should be tried in the county where the venue was laid, (that is in any county where the plaintiff chose to lay the venue,) "unless the court shall deem it necessary for the convenience of parties and their witnesses, or for the purposes of a fair and impartial trial, to order such issues to be tried in some other county," and again:--,"And the court shall have power to change the venue in any of the actions specified in this section (local as well as transitory), when it shall appear that a fair and impartial trial cannot be had in the 'county in which such venue is laid."',The 49th section of the Judiciary Act of 1847, referred to, provides that " the Supreme Court organ- ized by this Act, shall have power to order any issue of fact, joined in any suit or proceeding at law or in equity, whether joined in the Supreme Court or any County Court, or other court, to be tried in any other county, on good cause so/wwnr iterefor, and op. such terms and under such rules and regulations as said. Supreme Court shall prescribe.",In the case of Lynch v. Mosher, cited supra, it was not decided whether both these statutes were still in force under the Code, or whether the latter,' 4 How. Pr. R. 86, 2 Code R. 54. ' 2 R. S. (3d Ed.) 506, § 2.,30 SEO IL],457
was to be regarded as having superseded the former. It is, however, evident from the phraseology, that § 49 of the Judiciary Act was not intended to restrict or narrow down the causes for which the place of trial would be changed in any action. On the contrary, the words "for good cause shown," seem to confer a still broader discretion on the courts than they then possessed. The sections, however, are in substance the same, and, perhaps, as is well remarked by JuSTIcE SILL, the latter Act may be regarded as a substitute for, or a revision of, the former.' Since that decision, however, the Legis- lature has specified the cases in which the court may change the place of trial, by an amendment to the 126th section of the Code, as follows:,"The court may change the place of trial in the follow- ing cases: , " 1st. When the county designated for that purpose in the complaint is not the proper county.,"2d. When there is reason to believe that an impartial trial cannot be had therein.,"3d. When the convenience of witnesses and the ends of justice would be promoted by the change.",By the same section, if the county designated for that purpose in the complaint be not the proper county, the action may, notwithstanding, be tried therein, unless the defendant, before the time for answering expires, demand in writing that the trial be had in the proper county.,' See also 4 How. Pr. B. 187.
It was held under this section, before it was amended in 1851, that there was no statute under which a court could order an issue of law to be tried out of the county originally specified in the com- plaint; and such issue must, therefore, be tried in the Judicial District.' It is believed the amendments of 1851 confer this power upon the court, although it cannot certainly be one that will be frequently called into action. Whether these amendments, in specifying the causes for which the place of trial may be changed, are designed to repeal or supersede the provisions of the Revised Statutes above referred to, and the 49th section of the Judiciary Act, has not, to the author's knowledge, been yet adjudicated. The question is, perhaps, of not much practical im- portance. Doubtless the courts will construe the 3d subdivision of § 126, " When the convenience of witnleses and the ends of justice would be promoted by the change," as liberally as the language "on good cause shown," contained in § 49 of the Judiciary Act.,The practice upon the application to change the place of trial and proceedings thereon, vill not be discussed here. A variety of decisions have been made on this subject under these sections of the Code, most of which are referred to in the note below.*,'Gould v. Chapin, 4 How. Pr. R. 188. * NOTE. 1 Code R. 82. Warner v. Kenny, id. 96. Miller v. Hall, id. 113, ° How. Pr. R. 325. Beardsley v. Dickinson, 4 Pr. R. 81. Lynch v. Mosher, 4 Pr. R. 86, 2 C. R. 54. Clark v. Pettibone, 2 C, R. 78. Milligan v. Brophy, 2 C. R. 118. Gould v. Chapin, 2 C. R. 107, 4 Pr. R. 185. Myers v. Sector, 2 0. R. 147, 4 Pr.
It was held in the case of Warner v. Kenny,' that a judgment on failure to answer, was a trial within the meaning of the Code, and that the application for judgment must be made in the county designated in the complaint as the place of trial. The Supreme Court, since that case, by its general rules permits an application for judgment on default to be made in any county of the district, embracing the county in which the action is triable, or in an adjoining county, such application to be made at any special term, and also at a Circuit Court in the county where the action is triable. But when a reference or writ of inquiry shall be ordered, the same shall be executed in the county in which the action is triable.2 This seems to be regarded as simply a question of practice, within the power of the Supreme Court to change, alter, or modify by its general rules, and I believe it has not been doubted that it is competent for the court to establish such a rule, notwithstanding the decision of Warner v. Kenny. above referred to.,A trial, according to MR. JUSTICE GRIDLEr, is afinal R. 240. Schenok v. M'Kie, 3 C. R. 24. Mixer V. M'Khun, 3 C. R. 106, 4 Pr. 409. Hasbrouck v. M'Adam, 3 C. R. 39, 4 Pr. R. 342. People v. Wright, 3 C. R. 75, 5 Pr. R. 23. Mairs v. Rem- sen, 3 C. R. 138. Northrop v. Van Dusen, id. 140. Hartman v. Spencer, 5 Pr. R. 135. Moore v. Gardner, id. 243. Johnson v. Bryan, 1 C. R., N. S. 46. Jordan v. Garrison, 6 How. Pr. R. 6. Vermont R. R. Co. v. Northern R. R. Co. id. 106. Mason v. Brown, id. 481.,' 3 How, Pr. R. 323. 1 Code R. 96. Also an anonymous case, 1 Code R. 82.,s 91 Rule Sup. Court. 460,TsIE ISSUe.
disposition of the cause, and does not require an ac- tual "judicial examination of the issues." Therefore, when the plaintiff fails to appear on the calling of a cause, and the complaint is dismissed, it is equivalent to a "trial."' In analogy to this decision, it would seem, that a motion by a defendant for a dismissal of the complaint pursuant to Rule 23, where the plain- tiff fails to bring an issue of fact to trial, must be made in the county where the action is triable.,The examination of an issue of law as well as of fact, is also a i trial." It is so expressly defined by the code:',§ 252. A trial is the judicial examination of the issues between the parties, whether they be issues of law or of fact.,This section was struck out by the amendments of 1851: issues of law were made triable at the General Term, and of course the provisions of the Code re- specting the place of trial, had no farther reference to such issues. But the section has been restored by the late amendments, and the question occurs, whether the provisions of the Code respecting the place of trial are to be literally construed as intending to embrace both kinds of issues. In analogy to other proceedings under the Code, and with reference to the general uniformity of the system, I should not hesitate, if this were an original question, to answer it in the as- firmative. It has, however, been otherwise decided. In the case of Gould v. Chapin' at the Monroe Special,Dodd v. Curry, 4 How. 123. 'Original Code, § 207. '4 Pr. . 188.
statute under which courts could order an issue of law to be tried out of the county specified in the com- plaint; and the cause must for this purpose be triable in the district' were the venue is. This dictum was followed by MR. JSTICE WILLARD at theFulton Special Term, in a case arising before the amendments of 1851,' and which1 directly involved the question. That able jurist, whose opinions in every case are certainly entitled to the highest respect, held that title 4 of part second of the Code, relative to the place of trial of civil actions, related exclusively to issues of fact, notwithstanding the definition of the Code that the determination of an issue of law is also a " trial." He was of the opinion, that the argument of a demurrer might be brought on at any special term in the dis- trict, or a county in another district adjoining the county mentioned in the complaint. The author. is not aware that this practice is pursued in any district other than the 4th, or that it has received the sanction of any other judge. · In Bently v. Jones,' it was held that the decision upon a demurrer was not an order, but a judgment. This was a decision at General Term.' The same doctrine was held at the General Term in the 4th district, in the case of Mitchell v. Weed.' And this, too, where the demurrer was,'Ward v. Davis, 6 Pr. R. 274. 4 How. Pr. R. 335. 'See also King v. Stafford, 5 How. Pr. R. 30; and Wood v. Lambert, 3 Sand. 724.,46 How. Pr. R. 127; S. C. 5 How. Pr. R. 30; see also 6 How. Pr. I. 21. 462,[ an. m. THE ISSUE.
overruled by a judge at Chambers as frivolous. In Warner v. Kenny,' it was held that the mere render- ing of judgment in case of default, where no issue at all was joined, was a " trial" within the meaning of the Code sufficient to fix the place where such judg- ment was to be rendered. These decisions, though not upon the precise question raised and decided in Ward v. Davis, supra, may be regarded in some re- spects as conflicting with the decision in that case. The ruling of Judge Willard in Ward v. Davis, that the " place of trial" spoken of in the Code, relates exclusively to the trial of isues of fact, cannot be sustained without overruling Judge Parker in Warner v. Kenny, that judgment must be rendered in the county specified for that purpose where there is no issue at all either of law or fact. On the whole, the more correct and safe practice seems to be, since the late amendments have restored section 252 of the Code defining what a trial is, to consider the " place of trial" as equally applicable to the decision of issues of law and of fact. These issues should, therefore, be brought to trial at a Circuit Court or Special Term in the county designated in the complaint, unless the place of trial be changed by order of the court. Even an application for judgment on a frivolous demurrer to a judge at Chambers should also be made in the county where the action is triable, within the spirit of the decisions in Rae v. Washington Mutual Ins. Co.,' Dodd v. Curry,' and King v. Stafford.4,I C. R. 96. ' 6 How. Pr. R, 21. '4 How. Pr. R. 123. 6 Id. 127. But see Glenny v. Hitchiags, 4 How. Pr. R. 98.
SECTION . il . ; .EFEWT OF THE PLEADINGS, .AD WHAT rACS,DEEMED ADM~T'RED ON TE TRTAU. IT was a general rule under the former practice, both at common law and in equity, that material allegations of fact in a pleading which were not denied. by the plea or answer, were for the purposes of the suit deemed to be admitted. The pleader confesses the fact which he does not expressly deny.',The Code has adopted substantially the same rule as respects the complaint and the counterclaim set up by the defendant. Section 168, as amended in 1852, reads as follows:," Every material allegation of the complaint, not con- troverted by the answer, as prescribed in section 149; and every material allegation of new matter in the answer con- stituting a counterclaim, not controverted by the reply as prescribed in section 153, shall, for the purposes of the action, be taken as true. Eat the allegation of new matter in the answer not relating to a counterclaim, or of new matter in a reply, is to be deemed controverted by the ad- verse party as upon a direct denial or avoidance as the case may require.",8 Wend. 448, and 14 id. 50'. 8 Paige, 68. IBM,Ore r.irr.
It is proper to remark that this section, before the last amendment, read so as to include the whole of the answer. Every material allegation of new matter in the answer, whether constituting a counterclaim or not, was required to be controverted, otherwise such allegation was admitted for the purposes of the suit. The amendment limits the operation of the section to new matter contituting a confterclaim, and expressly provides that all other allegations in the answer shall be deemed controverted without any reply.,The alleations of the pleadings within the mean- ing of this section are evidently allegations of fact. This was held in a very early case under the Code, and has not, it is believed, been questioned. JusTInE BAncuiLo, in the case referred to, held that the statute did not extend so far as to embrace averments of the intn ion with which a party had executed a written instrument; and in his opinion on this point, observes: " This statute must be confined to allegations of fact, and cannot refer to an averment of the legal con- struction, or effect, of written instruments; much less can it be applied to the intention or meaning of parties when they execute a written :contract. To adopt the construction claimed by the defendant's counsel, would be to subvert not only the rules of pleading, but the plainest principles of justice. In- stead of determining what the parties did, we should spend our time in the vain attempt of endeavoring to ascertain what they intended to do." There can be no doubt of the entire correctness of these views, and,Barton v. Saokett and others, 3 How. Pr. R. 388 ; 1 Code R. 96, Dutohess Speoial Term, Deo. 1848. SEa Mi.],465
eonclusions of law, matters of evidence, &c., &c., set up in the pleadings, and which not being alle- gations of fact, need not be answered. So, too, the mere claim of a party, in his demand for relief constitutes no portion of the complaint, and requires ho reply, because no issue can be taken on it.' And where a party is p2ivileged from answering under oath, by section 15'7, it seems he may omit to answer an allegation which may subject him to prosecution for felony without confessing the truth of such alle- gation.',*Not only must the allegations be allegations of fact, within the meaning of the section under con- sideration, but they must be material allegations. It is only every material allegation that is required to be controverted, or that falls directly within the provi- i.on of section 168.' No allegation in a complaint or answer can be deemed material within the meaning of the section, unless an issue can be taken upon it. Thus, in the cases above mentioned, as to the intention of parties, and the legal construction of written instru- ments,' the prayer for relief,' mere matters of evi. dence, expressions of opinion, redundancy, and irrele- vancy, and generally everything stated in the plead- ings, other than the naked facts on.which the party's right of action depends, or which he must prove to,Averill e. Taylor, 5 How. Pr. R. 476. See White v. Cummings, 3 Sand. 716, and ante. '6 Barb. S, C. R. 145, 6 How. Pr. R. 475.. 3 How. Pr. R. 359. 5 Id. 476.,[oil8. vim' 460,ATHES ISSUE
establish his counterclaim.' Every matter which nmst or which m~y be alleged' in the complaint, or the counterelaim, in order to protect it from de- murrer for insufficiency, must also be traversed if the party pleading intend to controvert it on the trial. Everything else maybe considered immaterial within the meaning of this section, and an omission to an- swer it will not be a confession of its truth.' Indeed, the courts seem to have gone farther than this, and' to hold the doctrine that averments properly in the pleadings are not to be deemed admitted on the trial for want of an answer, unless they are such as on an issue taken upon them, whether of law or fact, will decide the cause, so far as relates to the particular cause of action to which it refers. This was held in the Superior Court of N. Y., with the concurrence of all the justices in the case of Newman v. Otto.' In reference to the word "material," as used in section 168, the court remarks, that as the Code has not defined its meaning, it must of course be understood in its old and established sense; and, therefore, that no allegation can be deemed material unless an issue taken upon-it will decide the cause so fa, as relates to the particular cause of action to wich th allegation refesr. Facts pleaded in mitigation of damages in an action for libel were held not to be material within- this definition. So, too, matter in aggravation of,. ,~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~- ' Isham v. Williamson, 7 L. 0. 340. 'S*eetas to ouch matters, chap. iv. Hurlow v. Hamilton, 6 How. Pr. R.-475, and aee also, 8 Barb. S. C. R. 145, 7 L. 0. 340.,· 4 Sand. 668.,46t BO. m.]
damages when properly set forth in the complaint.' An omission to deny such matter, is not tantamount to a confession thereof on the trial, but in all cases the party pleading it will he psut Lo his proof.,I have thus considered the nature of the allega- oion mentioned in section 168, and the question of their mateiality. There is another point in this section worthy of attention. The language is pe- culiar and may be susceptible of two meanings. "Every material allegation of the complaint, not controverted by the answer, as presoribed in section 149," &c., is to be taken as true. It is deemed to be admitted only when not controverted as prescribed by the section referred to.* Is it an entire failure to deny the allegation which alone can have the es- sect of an admission, or will a failure to deny in man- nr and form as prescribed by the section referred to, have that effect?,We have seen' that a mere general denial under oath, which violates this rule of pleading prescribed by the Code, as if a party should deny the whole complaint, instead of eat]J allegation thereof; or deny charges collectively, which should be denied disjunc- tively, is defective and may be reached on demurrer; or if manifestly evasive will be struck out on motion as a sham defence.t But will such defective denial,'Ante, pages 241, 409. ' Mott v. Burnett, 1 C. R.,N. S. 225. Hanoe v. Binning, id. 204. * § 149. " The answer of ite defendant must contain: 1. - A general or specific denial of eroh material allegation of the com- plaint controverted by the defendant, or of any knowledge or infor- mation thereof sufficient toform a belief.",The language in respect to the reply is aimilar, § 153. t Thi* indeed seems to have been the construction in Wood
.operate as an admission of the facts on the trial Or, if the defendant, instead of denying any know- ledgó or ioformation ufficient to form a belief, a prescribed by the Code, should deny his recollection of the fact, or attempt to traverse it on belief merely, is the fact to be deemed admitted for the iurposes of the suit within the meaning of section 168? A literal construction of the language perhaps might in- volve such a conclusion; the words "as prescribed," no doubt, may be construed to mean " i ths maaner prescribed." This indeed seems to have been so held at Special Term in Doremus v. Lewis, a case which was subsequently reversed at the General Term,' though upon a different point from that now under consideration. On the argument of that case at Spe- cial Term, JusTImE WIUiLAnD held that a reply to the effect that the plaintiff had not sufficient knowledge to form a belief, which did not also " specifically con- trovert" the allegation, was insufficient, and that such reply admitted the matter so attempted to be an- swered. At the General Term the reply was held sufficient, and the judgment reversed without con- sidering the other question as to the effect of such a reply as an admission on the trial. Without regard- ing the question, therefore, as directly adjudicated, I should much doubt the correctness of the practice v. Staniels, in the N. Y. Common Pleas, 3 C. R. 152. A tra- verse that the defendant " is ignorant iV whvether," &c., was held insufficient and the facts so traversed were taken as admitted on the trial. This decision was sustained by -the General Term of that court on appeal.-,'8 Barb. S. C. R. 124.,469 SEO Hn.]
Term in Doremus v. Lewis.,The words " as prescribed," must refer to the sub> stance, rather than the mere manner or form of the denial. In the case of Howell v. Fraser,' it was very properly said. that the Code never intended that judgment should be given against a! party who has merits for a mere matter of form; and it was held that if a pleading was correct ir. substance,' though not in form, the remedy was not by demurrer, but by motion to make it more definite and certain, or in some way other than by demurrer. A demurrer, it will be recollected, admits tefacts; if, therefore, the decision in the case last cited be correct, and a plain- tiffis not entitled to judgment on a mere defect in ; e foj-l or manner of stating the denial to his com- o)la-" en such defect will not be considered on the,.n admission of the facts. Thus, if the party on his " belif," as in the case of Howell v. , instead of in the formal manner prescribed , the Code, the opposite party should first he re- quired to interpose some specific objection to the form of the pleading, either by motion to make it more definite, or in some other way. And even where a denial is so defective as to cease to be matter ofform merely, and is substantially defective, as in the cases above mentioned, where it does not deny each allegation, &c., it will always be manifestly proper, and I think necessary, for the objecting party to correct it on motion, or by demurrer, before he will be allowed to treat it on the trial as an absolute admission of the facts under section 168.,6 How.. Pr. R. 221. 470,[CR. vm THM ISSUE.
The eefft of the alewer of onMe defndant on the rights of another, was considered in Woodworth v. Bellows and others.' If the answer of one defendant contain a proper case for the adjudication of equities between himself and a co-defendant, but contain no denial of the complaint, or any defence material on the question of the plaintiff's right to recover, it will be struck out on motion as irrelevant, and, perhaps, judgment might be rendered as on a frivolous defence. So far as the defendant, who fails to answer is con- cerned, he is not deemed as admitting anything alleged in an answer n which he does not participate. The facts stated in the complaint as to him, and those facts alone, are to be taken as true.',YThe efect of a partial answer to a complaint,'or an answer extending to only one distinct cause of action, was considered in Tracy and others v. Humphrey.' In that case the complaint claimed separate and dis- tinct bills or accounts, and an aggregate amount as a balance due upon all; and the answer denied one bill only, and the balance claimed, but was silent as to the other two bills. The court held the effect of the pleadings to be the admission by defendant of the two accounts due, and on a motion to strike out a verified answer as false, suffered the answer to stand, and ordered judgment for the plaintiff on the two sums not denied, leaving the action to proceed in respect tn the residue.,And by the Code when the answer of the .de- 4 How. Pr. R. 24. * 4 How. Pr. R. 24. ' id. 154. SEC~. im],
f£ndant admits part of the plaintiff's claim to be just, the court on motion, may order such defendant to satisfy that part of the claim, leaving the action to proceed as to the residue.',SECTION IV. PLEADINGS, HOW TO BE CONSTRUED. THE rules whereby to determine the sufficiency of the pleadings under the Code, and the change es- sected by the Code in the former rules of pleading, both at law and in equity, were fully considered in' chap. 1., section iv. of this work. It remains here briefly to notice generally the rules of construction applicable to pleadings, so far as the language and terms employed are concerned, and how these rules are affected by the Code.,It was a general rule under the old system, and frequently recognized in our courts, that where a pleading is equivocal, and two meanings present themselves, that construction shall be adopted which is most unfavourable to the party pleading. This however, was only before answer to the pleading; for, after verdict, the equivocal expression was to be,' Am. Code, § 244. 1 Chit. PI. 237, 1 Hill. 71, 2 id. 475.
construed in such a sense as would support the ver- diet.' It vwas also subject to certain 'other rules, namely, that the language of the pbeading should have a reasonable intendment and construction;' and where an expression was capable of different meanings that should be taken which will support the declaration, &e., and not the other which would' defeat it.' Thus, in an action on a bond conditioned that the plaintiff should enjoy certain land, &c.; a plea that, "after the making of the bond, until the day of exhibiting his bill, the plaintiff did enjoy" without averring that he enjoyed con/inmual/, was held to be good. And if a pleading can be made good by any state of facts consistent with its aver- ments, it is sufficient. So held in Utica Insurance Company v. Scott,4 in this state under the former system.,The rule as applied under the decisions of the courts, seems to have meant nothing more than that, if the expression or term used was capable of differ- ent meanings, the court would construe it to sup- port the proceeding in which the particular term occurred, unless by doing so, they would be obliged to give it a meaning against which the uses, habits, and understanding o0 mankind would plainly revolt. This was the rule in regard to actions for words,, either spoken or written, namely, that the court is to understand them according to their ordinary,2 John. 387, 16 East. 614. ' 13 John. 482. ' 5 East. 244, 12 id. 270. ' 8 Cow. 809.,81 SWa. m].l,473
TMEE 'ISUE.,[OH.' V . acceptation among mankind;' and the iule is the samie under the Code.' If, however, the expression or term was clearly capable of two different mean- ings, the pleading was to be liberally construed, and that construction was adopted which would render the pleading. consistent with itself. If the sense'was ambiguous, it might be helped by the context or other means; as if words of reference, such a-, " Mere" and "said" were used, they would not be referred to the last antecedent, where the sense required that they should be referred to some prior antecedent.',These rules for the construction of pleadings were liberal and proper, and went far towards relieving the proceedings of much of their formality. The Code seems to have substantially re-enacted. them in section 159, as follows :,"In the construction of a pleading for the purpose of determining its effect, its allegations shall be liberally con- strued, with a view to substantial justice between the puties.",I do not understand that this section refers to any thing further than the mere construction of the lai- guage and terms used in the pleading. It is in the construction of a pleading for thipurpo&o of d&temin- ing itS legaZ efect; and is not one of those rules of construction whereby to determine the fiwciency of the pleadings, either as to the statement of facts which go to constitute the cause of action, or the denial and statement of defence in the answer;,5 John. 584, 3 Caines, 76, 5 East. 546. 6 HIow. Pr. . 99, 5 id. 171. 1 Chit. PI. 237, 238. Am. Code.
though in Lewis v. Kendall,' it was intimated that the section might be applied to a defective pleading which violated the rules of the Code in these respects, yet the spirt of the deision is manifestly the other way; and the court in that case remarks: " I am satisfied the courts wil have to enforce these rules with some rigor, or the present system of pleadings will never. answer the purposes for which it was in- tended.",It will not do, therefore, for a party who has failed in alleging a good cause of action, or a sufficient de- fence, .to endeavor to escape the consequences of bad pleading by throwing himself upon the iberal con- Stuhtionj authorized by section 159. The court is not authorized to construe a material allegation into a complaint which contains no such allegation, as for example, the consideration of a contract, or a demand of personal property, when such consideration or de- mand is necessary to be proved in order to entitle the plaintiff to recover. Nor, as in the case of Lewis v. Kendall, supra, can this section avail to make a hypo- thetical pleading good, or one which violates the general rules of pleading prescribed by the Code.,If this view is correct, it follows, that although the section in question may be in some sense a rule to de- termine the sufficiency of the pleadings, yet it applies merely to the construction of the language and the terms used, and has no reference to the question of the sufficiency of the facts or matters of substance pleaded. It is to be applied, as was the rule of construction under the old system, mainly where words are equivocal, and,'6 How. Pr. R. 65.,475
terms and expressions are capable of different meanings. I!\,al these cases the construction is to be lieral, for the purpose of determining the effect of the allega- tionand with a view to substantial justice between the parties. It should be as .iberao certainly as under the old practice; more so, it could scarcely well be; for, as we have seen, in the case of an ambiguous ex- pression, the court would adopt the meaning most favorable to the pleader when necessary to sustain his pleading, if it could be done without violence to the clear and palpable meaning of the term or ex- pression in its common acceptation. Perhaps, under the Code, cases might arise where a Mieral ooosgtruw- tion, with a view to substantial justice, would autho- rize the court to go further and adopt a construction in aid of a doubtful pleading, which would do violence to the common acceptation of the term, but this being a matter entirely discretionary, it will be unnecessary to speculate upon it here.,The construction is to be liberal, for the propose of determin ng itt efect. I understand this to mean its effect generally as a pleading 'in the cause, in whatever way the question is raised; and not merely its effect as an admission on the trial under section 168. No doubt cases will occur where, in the con- struction of the language of a pleading for the pur- pose of determining its effect, a less rigorous rule of construction may be authorized under this section than under the former practice. Thus, when a pleader formerly undertook to assign a breach, not according to its letter, but coming within the sub- stance, or effect of the covenant, he was held to a , more strict rule than when he followed negatively or,[oe. vm.
affirmatively the words of the covenant.' A mere , technical defect ina this particular will now un- doubtedly be remedied under this section; and if the breach assigned be substantially sufficient, it will be good. And so in other cases.,The effect of the pleading, too, as an admission in the cause under section 168, may also sometimes pro- .perly be assisted by this section. If the denial is not strictly in manner " asprescribed" by the Code, and even if it be so defective as to present a fair ground for demurrer, yet if it be intended as a denial, and -the opposite party have neglected. to raise the ques- tion by demurrer or on motion, a liberal construction would authorize the court to give it the effect of a traverse on the trial.',SECTION V. SPECIAL TBL AUPPLCABrEs TO PLEADWGS. IH the preceding chapters relative to the com- plaint, the answer, the reply, and the demurrer, re- spectively, the principal general rules applicable to, and which, under the Code, determine the sufficiency of these several pleadings, have been considered, and,4 Hill, 154, anto, page 168. ' See last eotion.,477
rules provided by the Code, or retained from the old system, applicable mainly to the form of the pleadings, and, first:,"Every pleading in a Court of Record must be subscrib- ed by the party, or his attorney, and when any pleading is verified, every subsequent pleading, except a demurrer, must be verified also."',The subject of the verification of the pleadings has already been considered in the preceding chap- ters on the complaint, answer, and reply. In respect to the rule laid down in the above section of the Code, that every pleading must be subscribed by the party or his attorney, it is to be observed that a. failure to comply with the rule would be an irregru- larity which would render the pleading liable to be set aside on motion, precisely the same as a defect in the title of the complaint, or a failure to demand the relief to which the plaintiff supposes himself entitled, ,as to which see ante, chap. iv. sections 1 and 3. Such a defect is not a matter of substance, and would not, therefore, be the subject of demurrer. Nor would it be correct practice, it is conceived, to treat the pleading as a nullity and enter judgment, as was done in Hubbel v. Livingston,' at least not until the pleading had been returned, or notice of the defect given to the opposite party. In the case last cited, it was held that a subscription to the afd- davit of verification alone was a sufficient subscrip-,Ani._ Coe I. .R 3 478,[oh. vrm. TEE 'SSnE.,' 1 O. R. 63. 1 Am. Code, § 156.
tion of the pleading within the meaning of the Code. The rules of the court provide that every plead- ing exceeding two folios in length, must have the folios distinctly numbered and marked in the mar- gin thereof; and the pleadings and other proceed- ings must be fairly and legibly written.' This is similar to the former rule in regard to equity plead- ings.' If not so written' the clerk is prohibited from filing them.' This seems to be the only consequence of a violation of the rule, although, perhaps, in a flagrant case it might be treated as an irregularity which the court would correct on motion. So, too, by the new rules several defenses are required to be not only separately statedjbut plainly numbered.,The items of an account are not necessary to be set forth in a pleading under the Code.' But the Code provides that the party pleading an account, shall deliver within ten days after deasm _ copy of the account. The answer, however, must be to the pleading itself, and not to the bill of particulars. An answer avowedly to the bill of particulars, and not to the complaint, was held to be insufficieht, and liable to demurrer.' An answer alleging a set-off in a sum of money equal to the sum claimed by the plaintiff, "as will appear by the account current rendered by the defendant as stated in the com- plaint," is indefinite and uncertain. On an order to make such an answer more definite and certain by amendment, the defendant stated his set-off to be,'Sup. Court Rule 44. ' Rule 74. S. C. R. Rule 44. Am. Code, § 185. Scovill v. owell, 2 C. R. 33.,479
Held no compliance with the order, and the answer struck out with costs.' And see further as to the manner of pleading an account on the part of the plaintiff ante, pages 169, 110, and on the part of the defendant, ante, pages 31, 314.,We have already considered the special rules pro- vided by the Code in pleading, firt a judgment or determination of a court or officer of special juris- diction ;' second, the performance of conditions prece- dent in a contract, and a written instrument for the payment of money;' third, a private statute;' fourth, in cases of libel and slander ; and fifth, in an action to recover property distrained doing dam- age." It will only be necessary here to refer to what was said on these subjects respectively in the preced- ing pages. These rules are of general application, and, of course, abolish whatever in the old system conflicted with them. They may properly be classed here as pecial ldes of pleading, because unlike those broader principles elsewhere enunciated and laid down in the Code, they relate rather to the form and manner than to the substance of the plead- ing. They are, also, it will be observed, in the main permissive, rather than obligatory; leaving it op- tional with the party to plead the facts in the man- ner indicated in these sections, or to adopt the stricter rules of pleading. Thus, in an action or de- fence on a written instrument for the payment of,Wiggins v. Gans, 3 Sand. 738. '§ 161, ante, page 163. § 162, ante, pages 142, 162. '§ 163, ante, page 163. §§64, 16 5, ante, pages 164 to 167, 264 to 270. '§ 186, ante,, page 270. 480,I [CR. YM THEE ISUE.'
money only, " it ahaM be sUficient for the party to give a copy of the instrument," etc. Or he may state it in his complaint in the usual form of stating a cause of action, So in pleading a private statute, it is s oient to refer to such statute, by its title and the day of its passage; but if the party choose to plead it in the old form and manner, he may, doubt- less, do so without incurring the hazard of a motion to strike out the matter as redundant.,There are also a variety of other. special rules re- lative to pleadings, so far as theform and manner of statement are concerned, which though properly be- longing. to the old system, are not inapplicable to the new. Many of these we have incidentally no- ticed in various parts of this work, and do not intend to refer to them again in this place. One or two others, however, may be briefly noticed here.,Thus, under the present system, as under the former, every answer to be good must either traverse or deny the facts of th eprevious pleading, or it must confess and avoid them. Under the former system a plead- ing in confession and avoidance must give color ; that is, it must confess the matter adversely alleged, either expressly or impliedly, to such an extent at least as to admit some apparent right in the opposite party, which requires to be encountered and avoided by the' allegation of the new matter.' It was not required, however, to be an absolute confession, but might be sub modo merely, so far as to admit some sort of ap- parent right or color for the action; as, in an action for trespass for taking sheep, the defendant may,'Steph. PI. 201,1 Chit. PI. 527. 1 Hill, 266, 6 id. 311.,481
plead that a third person was possessed of them, and sold them to him in market overt, for though this does not admit the sheep to have been tioplaintiff 'e when the defendant took them, as alleged in the declara- tion, yet it admits them to have been his subject to the effect of the sale in market overt, and therefore gives some color to the plaintiff's claim.' This prin- ciple of giving color to the plaintiff's claim may be applied to confession and avoidance in an answer under the Code. Such an answer to be good, must admit. an apparent or prima s~ac right of action in- dependent of the matter disclosed in the plea to de- stroy it. And it has so been held under the Code.' "The principles of pleading," says the Justice who delivered the opinion in the case last cited, "what- ever the system, are always the same. Its office is to present the cause of action on one side, and a defence on the other. This is not less true under our pre- sent system, than it was under the former. Names are changed-useless forms and technical rules are abol- ished-but the principles remain unchanged. What now is a good answer, would before have constituted a good plea in b.,.'",Again, at common law, it was a principle that every pleading must be an answer to the whole of what is adversely alleged. A pleading professing to answer the whole, and answering only a part, is,' Steph. Pl.[203. Ruddington v. Davis, 6 How. Pr. R. 402. And see, as to color, opinion of SELDEN J. in Benedict v. Sey- mour, 6 How. Pr. R. 305, 306.,Steph. PI. 214, 13 Wend. 78. 482,[OH. YX
bad on demurrer.' This special rule of pleading has also been held applicable under the Code, and a pleading, commencing as an answer to the whole complaint, and assuming to answer the whole, but containing facts which only constitute a defence to a part of the complaint, held bad on demurrer. But the rule does not apply to a partial defence, when allowed to be pleaded by the Code, such as recoup- ment or setofl',It was also a rule of pleading at law, that a traverse could not be taken upon matter not alleged, with the exception, however, that it might be taken upon master, which though not expressly alleged, is necessarily implied.' The effect of this yule, and its application to pleadings under the Code, have been already briefly noticed in sections 2 and 3 of chap- ter v. The principle is very clearly and definitely recognized in Giesson v. Giesson,' and Lord v. Cheese- borough.' TLus, as in the former case, in an action on a promissory note, an answer averring payment is a proper traverse to the fact that the note is not paid, a fact implied in the complaint from the plain- tiff's possession of the note; and, as in the latter case, the defendant in such an action has a light to traverse the plaintiff's ownership, or interest in the,1 Chit. PI. 510, 1 Wend. 347, 23 id. 487. s Thumb v. Walrath, 6 How. Pr. R. 196. Willis v. Taggard, 6 id. 433. Stoph. P1. 192,193, 2 Saok. 629, 6 Mod. 168. 1C. R., N. S. 414. ' 4 Sand. 696.,488'
in the complaint, The rule is also very clearly illus- trated in actions for libel and slander, in cases where malice must be proved, but need not be .epresly alleged. The malice implied from the facts set forth in the complaint is a maleraal allegation, which may be traversed or denied by the defendant's answer, and thus an issue raised thereon.' Many other ex- amples in illustration of the principle might be given, but the above will suffice to explain its general nature.,A good issue at common law could not be joined on two affwir atives, or two negativs. An example of the first kind, is, where the defendant pleads that a party died seized in fee, and the plaintiff replied afirmatively that he died seized in tail.' An instance of the latter kind, is, .where a plea states a request to deliver an abstract of title, and a refusal; a repli- cation, that the plaintif did not neg;ect and refuse to deliver such abstract would be insufficient; he should allege affirmatively that he did deliver.' These rules, though artificial and technical, are founded in good sense, and though, perhaps, not essential in most cases, to the validity of a pleading under the liberal system adopted by the Code, ye., it would be well in framing an issue always to observe them. In the late case of Giesson v. Giesson,' the Court of Appeals defines an i&sue to be substantially the same as it was under the former system, and of course a good tra-,' See on thia point, ante, pages 268, 269, and cases. there cited. ' Steph. PI. 85. ' 6 East. 556, 557. ' 1 0. R, N. 8. 414.,[CHn.'m. 484,'3n ISSUE..
verse must be taken in the same way. " An issue is joined," as was said in- that case, "when there is as direct affirmation and dentia of the fact in dispute, and it makes no difference whether the affirmative or the negative is first averred." It is not a violent in- ference, from this language to say, that two affirma- tive propositions, or two negative propositions cannot form such an issue. And perhaps cases might occur under the Code in which such an answer would be held evasive, and, if not struck out on motion, might at least be made more definite and certain by amend- ment.,A similar defect in pleading is what was called a twgative prgnant. This was such a form of denial as implied or carried with it an affirmative, and was susceptible of a double meaning. As, for example, in an action of treopass, the defendant pleaded that he entered the plaintiff's house by license given by plaintiff's daughter, and the plaintiff replied that sh did not ~denr y her lic ene. This was considered a negative preg/a nt, and it was held that the plaintiff should have traversed the entry by itself, or the license by itself' Such a pleading is said to be bad for ambiguity. 'While professing to deny the license, it implies, or carries with it, the idea that the license was given. Such a defect in a traverse, under the Code, particularly where it purports to answer a veri- sied pleading, may amount to a mere evasion, and render the pleading liable to be corrected on motion.,It was also a rule of pleading, and one which may with great propriety be applied to the Code, that a,' Steph. PI. 381.,48E
traver8 mbst be nheithrt too large, ~r too narrow. A traverse may be too large, by being taken in the conjunctive instead of the.disjunctive, or by involving in the issue quantity, time, place, or other circumn- stances, which though forming part of the allegations traversed, are immaterial to the merits of the cause. So, too, it may be too narrow, by being applied only to part of a cause of action; or, of an allegation, which the law considers as in its nature indivisible.' A familiar example of the former Hind of traverse is found in a case where the defendant alleged that he had served the plaintiff half a year at D., in the county of K., and the plaintiff replied, that he had not served him half a year at A., i the county of iT. This was held bad as involving tw place, in the -issue." Where a plaintiff alleges a series of charges as his cause of action, proof of any one of which will entitle him to recover, and the defendant denies these charg3s conjnctivey, the traverse is too large, and the answer will be insufficient. This rule has been expressly adjudged to apply under the Code, and an answer to a complaint for assault and battery, denying in the language of the complaint, that the defendant did "assault the plaintiff and seize him by the collar, and shake him violently," was held b.d on demurrer.' It should be observed, however, that in many cases where a traverse following the exact language of the complaint would be, techni- cally speaking, too broad, as involving time, place,,z Steph. PL 248, 249. Steph. PI. 248, 249. ' opkins v. Everett, 6 How. Pr. R. 169. 486,ECE. Ia .
or other immaterial' matters in the issue, the defect is merely a matter of form in the statement, and if liable to objection at all should be on motion to cor- rect the pleading, rather than by demurrer, unless it. be manifestly'evasive. The same may be said with respect to a traverse that is too narrow; as, for ex- ample, if. in a complaint for labor and services, from January 1st, 1851, to January 1st, 1852, the defendant should deny that th plaintiff worked for the whole time alleged. The defendant being entitled to com- pensation for part of his services, it is no sufficient answer to say, that he did not: work the full time; and the court would, doubtless, on motion, compel the defendant to correct his pleading.,Most of the other rules relative to the mode and manner, as well as the form of pleading, which are still in force as rules of logic, at all events, if not absolute rules " to determine the sufficiency" of the, pleadings, have been already noticed in various parts of this work, and the extent of their application under the Code considered. I shall not attempt to detail or classify them here, or to pursue the investi- gation farther. One or two brief remarks relative to certain rules of pleading which have become obsolete and can have no application to the new system, will close this branch of the subject.,When an issue of law was tendered on a demurrer, the opposite party was bound to accept it, which he did by putting in a formaljoinder in demwrre7. This is now no longer necessary; the demurrer itself raises the issueJ.' ..; : -'.-/. ::'; i,,Morgan v. Leland; 1 C. R. 123.,487
The. rules relative to pleading in all mere matters of form, such as time, place, &c., when not material to the issue, or necessary to apprise the opposite party of the exact nature and extent of the claim, are no longer in force. So, too, the rule that pleadings should observe the known and ancient forms of ex- pression as contained in approved precedents. In pleading ' statute of limitations, the defendant alleged tha , ''ias not g7ilty within S years, instead of alleg'ig ' .6 ;he cause of actiom did 7wt accrue withim saix yeres; and this was held defective in special demurrer.' All these technical rules are, of course, abrogated by the Code.,So, too, it is conceived, in respect to the rule that a plea which amounted to the general issue was de- fective, and liable to demurrer, as, in an action on a bond, if the defendant, instead of pleading the general issue 'nestfactum, should confess the bond, but allege that it was executed to a person other than the plaintiff, this pleading under the old system was held bad' Such an answer, setting up as it does.the facts, would now, it is presumed, be good, and the above rule, if not wholly obsolete, can have but a very limited application' As to the rule that matters are to be pleaded according to their legal effect, sec ante, pages 148 et seq.,There are a variety of minor miscellaneous rules also which were peculiarly adapted to the old system, but have now become obsolete. Thus, the rules re-,' 3 Barn. and Ald. 448. ' 1 Sid. 470. ' See remarks on this subject, ante, pages 261, 262.,s8g,.[oat. YM.
lative to the entitling of pleadings, the formal com- mencement and conclusion of pleadings, &c., &c.,ll these, it is evident, can no, longer apply under the Code. It was also a general rule that a plaintiff claiming under, and pleading a deed or other sealed instrument, or letters testamentary, or letters of administration, was bound to makeprofert, as it was called, which was to the effect that the party " now brings the said indenture (or other instrument) here into court." If not so alleged, the pleading was de- fective. This formality is now dispensed with under the Code. So held in Bright u. Currie,' in an action brought by an administrator, that profert of his letters of administration is not necessary.,10 L. 0. 104. 82,489
CHAPTER IX. OF AENDMENTS, VARIANCES, AND MISTAKES IN,PLEADING. TEE subject of the amendment of pleadings and of variances between the pleadings and proof on tie trial, is one of considerable importance, and requires a particular consideration. The subject will be treated in the following order:,1. Amendments in general, how, and when allowed, and on what terms.,2. Variances between pleadings and proof. 3. Defects in pleading, when, and how aided.,SECTION I. AMEHDMENDES IN GEERAL, HOW, A.ND WBEN ALOWED,,AND ON WHAT TEEMS. AT common law, amendments could be made at any time before judgment was signed in the discre- 490,1 . H~'i~~
tion of the court They might be allowed, either of course, without motion, upon motion after notice, or on thl ., '?ument of motions made by the adverse party f ' !I purpose of taking advantage of the. defect. A declaration might be amended of course at any time before the defendant put in his defence.' And by the rules of the court, within a certain time after defence put in, or before default for not replying, the plaintiff might amend in certain cases,' such as by changing the venue, by increasing the damages laid where there is no bail,' but not by adding new counts, or by inserting the name of a party defendant .who has not been served with process,4 &c. &c. The defendant also might amend of course, without costs, on a proper affidavit; but, if he wished to add a new plea, or it was necessary to amend asecond time, leave of the court must be obtained.',Similar rules obtained in respect to pleadings in equity. The plaintiff might amend his complaint of course,'and the defendant his answer of courr;e in certain cases, or after the time for answerL., Lad expired, or, on a demurrer to the matter of the whole bill, he might be allowed to amend on-motion in the discretion of the court.',But amendments after judgment were not allowed at common law. The statutes of amendments and, jeofailk were designed to remedy this inconvenience, and to authorize certain amendments to the proceed- ings after judgment. These various statutes were,7 Cow. 164. ' But see 4 Hill, 650. '2 John. Cas. 219, ' 1 Wend. 71. ' 1 Burr. Pr. 176. ' See Equity Practice in this respect, 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 206 to 225. SEa I.]
early day, and were in substance incorporated into the Revised Statutes.',Before proceeding to consider the provisions made in respect to amendments of the pleadings lby the Code, I shall briefly notice the provisions of the statute, and the practice in the courts, before the Code, for the purpose of ascertaining how much, (if any,) of that practice still remains.,The first section in the title of the Revised Statutes, above referred to, provided as follows :-,"The court in which any action shall be pending, shall have power to amend any process, pleading, or proceeding in such action, either in form or substance, for the furtherance of justice, on such terms as shall be just, at any time before judgment rendered therein."',The fourth section of the same title provides that after judgment, any defect, or imperfection, in mat- ters of form, contained in the record, pleadings, &c., may be amended by the court in affirmance of the judgment.,And by the seventh section of the act judgment should not be reversed, or stayed after verdict, (among various other things,') for the following causes:-,"For any mispleading, miscontinuance, or discontinuance, insufficient pleading, lack of color, jeofail, or misjoining of issue.",' B. S. Title v. chap. vii., Part 3. ' 2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 519. ' As to which see etatute, 2 R. S. (8d ed.) p. 620, § 7. 492,[asO. X. AMENDEINTS,
"For the want of any allegation, or averment, on account of which omission a special demurrer could have been entertained.","For omitting any allegation, or averment of any matter, without proving which, the jury ought not to have given such verdict.","For any mistake in the name of any party or person; or in reciting or stating any day, month, or year, when the correct name, time, sum, or description, shall have been once rightly alleged, in any of the pleadings or pro- ceedings.",And by the eighth section all other imperfections, defects, &c., "of the like natre, not being against the right and justice of the matter of the suit, and not- altering the issue between the parties, or the trial," might be supplied and amended.,By statute also a variance between pleading and proof might be disregarded on the trial in certain specified cases,' when such pleading could be amended by the court after verdict. But in order to authorize this, the court must be satisfied that the party object- ing has not been surprised and misled by it, or pre- vented from making due preparation for a full answer on the merits. Whether he was likely to have been so surprised, or misled, &c., was a question for the court in the :exercise of a sound discretion. Under the like qualifications, it was said, independent of the statute, amendments might be made at the trial, of most variances between pleading and proof where the action was founded on an oral contract or wrong.',' See 2 R. S. (3d ed.) p. 604, § 98. * 15 Wend. 672, 3, 17 id. 113, 19 id. 542. ' 19 Wend. 542, sad see Cow. and Hil's Notes 521, 2. sBo. I.,49.3
Uinder'the above statutes, and the practice adopted, by the courts of this state before the Code, it was held that any matter was amendable before verdict, which could be cured by verdict.' The court would not allow a mere formal objection to defeat an action, but, in "furtherance of justice,"' and provided no injury was sustained by the party opposing, would allow amendments at any stage of the cause.' A variance, not affecting the merits, would be disre- garded at bar, without ordering an amendment, leaving the party to apply for such amendment if he deemed it advisable.',But a plaintiff was not permitted to amend his declaration, by inserting the name of a person as defendant who was not served with process.' Nor, as a general rule, would the courts grant leave to amend, to enable a party to sustain an unconscionable defence.' A defendant would not be allowed to set up the statute of limitations as an amendment.' But he might amend an unconscionable plea if adjudged defective.' A defendant was permitted to add a plea of justification in an action of slander, after issue joined." So, too, in slander, a declaration mightbe amlended after issue, especially in a case where, on a discontinuance, the statute of limitations would,10 Wend. 214. With this qualification, the discretion of the court in allowing amendments was unlimited.,' 6 Cow. 360, 1 id. 670. ' Sand. 719. '1 Wend. 71. '6 Cow. 606, 3 Wend. 572. 72 Wend. 608. ' Wend. 373. 1 Hill, 637.,, !
attach.' But in such action a count for a. newly dis- covered cause of action, barred by the statute, could not be added.' Although the court would allow amendment in penal, as well as in ordinary actions," yet the plaintiff was not allowed in a penal action for usury to amend, so as to save the statute of limita- tions.' The merits of the proposed amendment would not be enquired into by the court further than to ascertain that it was not frivolous.',After verdict, amendments were also liberally allowed. On a general count, which the testimony on the trial did not sustain, the plaintiff, after ver- dict, was permitted to add a proper count." And in Miller v. Watson,' after three trials, and though the statute had run, a count on a special agreement was added, the agreement having been proved on the trials without objection. In a declaration by execu- tors, alleging a promise to the testator, the plaintiffs were permitted to amend after trial, by alleging the promises to have been made to them as executors, special circumstance appearing to warrant it.' And, so, too, after a report of referees, though the objection was made during the trial.9 In such 'cases, amend- ments will be allowed on terms.'" Where the plaintiff has a verdict against him on the facts, judgment against him on demurrer is final." So, too, if the,1 Wend. 93. '1 Hill. 637. ' 6 Wend. 516. 17 John. 346. * 4 Cow. 555. '7 Cow. 92. '6 Wend. 506. 20 Wend. 668. ' 1 Sand. 70, 72. ° Same cases, and see 6 Cow. 360, 3 Wend. 356. " 21 Wend. 255. SEO L],495
cause, the defendant, if judgment be against him on demurrer, cannot have leave to amend.',In equity, also, amendments were allowed with great liberality, both before, and at, and after the hearing, particularly amendments relative to parties. On a demurrer allowed for matters of form, the complainant was suffered to amend on terms.' After exception to the answer, the plaintiff might have leave to amend on terms by adding new charges and new.parties.' But after the cause had been set down for hearing he would not be allowed to amend his bill by adding new charges.' Though he might in such case be permitted to file a supplemental bilL' As a general rule, however, amendments to pleadings which were sworn to, were allowed with great cau- tion.' But if the amendments were merely in addi- tion to, and not inconsistent with, the matter of the bill, they might be made, and that, too, of course, and without costs.',It will be unnecessary to consider further the sub- ject of amendments under the statute, and the former practice of our courts in law and equity. What has thus far been said will serve as a proper introduction to the consideration of the subject as defined in the Code, and practically illustrated by the later deci- sions of our courts,' 18 John. 28. 3 Paige, 505. ' 3 John. Ch. R. 410. ' 3 Barb. Ch. R. 637. 3 John. Oh. . 423. 4 John. Ch. R. 863. ' 1 Edw. 46. 1 Barb. Ch. Pr. 210. s96,[aH. m A. 2M~~n.
The sixth chapter of Title 6, Part 2 of the Code, relative to mistakes in pleading and amendmenta, professes to prescribe the cases and circumstances in which amendments may be made to the pleadings and proceedings, and variances at the trial disre- garded. The commissioners, in their note to this chapter, (which seems designed to supersede the for- mer provisions of the statute), say, that they have provided a means of amendment of the most liberal character; as liberal, indeed, as they could devise.' I shall consider, in this place, simply the subject of amendments to the pleadings, leaving that of variance for the following section.,The Code provides that the pleadings may be cor- rected by amendment, as under the former practice, in three ways or classes of cases :-.Firt. By. the party himself, of course, without application to the court. Second. By the court, on application of. the party desiring the amendment. Thi5rd. By the court, either at the trial, on judgment rendered, or on motion of the adverse party seeking to take advan- tage of the defect. Each of these wil now be con- sidered.,1. A~menment ofcowure.-That portion of the Code which makes provision on this subject, is in these words:," Any pleading may be once amended by the party, of course, without costs, and without prejudice to the proceed- ings already had, at any time before the period for answer- ing it expires; or, it can be so amended at any time within twenty days after the service of the answer, or demurrer, to,' First Report of Comrs. p. 168.
such pleading, unless it be made to appear to the court that it was done for the purposes of delay, and the plaintiff or defendant will thereby lose the benefit of a circuit or term for which the cause is or may be noticed; and, if it appear to the court that such amendment was made for such pur- pose, the same may be stricken out, and such terms imposed as to the court may seem just. In such case, a copy of the amended pleading must be served on the adverse party."',The remaining part of the section relates to amend- ments after judgments on demurrer, which will be con- sidered in its proper place.,The pleading, under this section, can be amended at any time, before it is actually answered, or before the time limited by law for answering expires. After the service of an answer or demurrer, the de- fendant has twenty days to amend of course; but if the pleading be served by mail, he has forty days, and. the rule applies to the case of a reply.' An aemended complaint may be served of course at any time, within twenty days after an amended answer is served, although more than twenty days have elapsed from the service of the original answer, and replica- tion thereto; and in such case the amended pleading takes the place of and supersedes the original.',The right to amend may be waived, it seems, either by express notice from the party, that he will not amend, or by noticing the cause for trial.' And,' Am. Code, § 172. ' Cusson v. Whallon, 5 How. Pr. R. 302, Washburn v. Her- rick, 4 id. 15.,' Seneca County Bank v. Garlinghouse, 4 id. 174. ' 5 How. Pr. R. 305.
an amendment for delay merely cannot be made. A frivolous amendment, such as would not have been allowed by the former practice, will, doubtless, be struck out on motion, if the loss of a circuit or term will be occasioned by such amendment.,An issue is joined by the service of the pleading. A party is not bound to wait, before giving notice of trial or reference, to see whether the pleadings will be amended. He has a right to act upon them as they are served.' But he proceeds at his peril; and, if before the time for amending expires he takes judgment, and afterwards an amended pleading be served, the judgment will be set aside;' though, if no such amended pleading be served, the judgment would be regular.,Though the amendment may be made, under the above section, of course, and without costs, yet, it cannot be made where the party wishing to amend has not been regular, and his adversary has already taken steps for a motion to the court founded on such irregularity. So held by JUSTICE WEILS in Williams v. Wilkinson,' and by JUSTICE MuNsoN in Hell v. Huntley.' In each of these cases the complaint was defective in not mentioning the name of the county, and after notice of motion by defendant to set aside complaint, held that the plaintiff could not amend' without payment of costs of motion. And upon the same principle, it would seem, where irrelevant and,' Enos v. Thomas, 4 How. Pr. R. 290, 5 id. 305. ' Morgan v. Leland, 1 C. R. 123, 1 C-. R. 152. '5 How. Pr. R. 357. ' 1 0. R., N. S. 20, and note.,499.
redundant matter is inserted in the pleading, and notice of motion has been given to correct the pleading by striking out such matter, or by making it more definite by amendment the party committing the error should be held to pay costs of the motion before he is allowed to amend. It is believed this has been repeatedly held, in cases not reported, though the' practice is said to be different in one or two of the Judicial districts. The practice of permitting amendments to be made in such cases without costs, must necessarily lead to greater looseness in pleading. A party might wilfully encumber his complaint, or answer, with matters of surplusage, and wait to see wh-'l er his adversary would take the objection, and po'is it out to him by way of notice of motion, in which case, he might amend without costs; other- wise the defective pleading would stand. This kind of experimental practice ought not to be encouraged.,The language of the section under consideration does not, in terms, limit the right of the party to amend of course, to any particular kind of amend- ment, except only that such amendment must not be for the purpose of delay. In practice, however, he has not an unlimited right of amendment. He cannot amend, of course, by substituting one claim for another, of a different nature, or by instituting a new action against other parties.,The section above quoted has been held to apply only to such amendments as will not create an action between other parties than those who are originally parties to the suit. Thus, in Russell 9. Spear and Butler,' it was very properly decided, that a plaintiff,5 How. Pr. R. 142,3 C. . 189.,I [OH. EC.
could not amend his complaint of course by striking out the names of parties. There is no part of the Code, it was said, which permitted the plaintiff to change the parties in the cause, without leave of the court, and the practice under the Code in this respect was likened to the former practice at law and in equity. Nor, on the same principle, it is presumed, would a plaintiff be allowed to amend, as of course, by setting up a different claim, though, perhaps, he might amend by changing, in form, the "cause of action," if the " claim" remain the same, even from contract to tort, as it is said he may be allowed to do on motion to the court.' But in most cases, it seems, he may amend of course, where the same amendment would be allowed on the trial.' Amendments, however, must be confined to matter in existence at the commencement of the suit An amended complaint, allegingmatters which occ-.x Cd subsequent to the service of the original, is irregular; and may be set aside on motion, or the new subsequent matter may be struck out.' Such matters should be brought before the court by supplemental pleading.',The amended pleading must be seived on the op- posite party, and he is required to reply to it as to an original pleading, the amended pleading taking the place thereof; and any previous answer to the original pleading is entirely waived. But full time to answer is allowed from the date of service of the amended pleading.',' Chapman v. Webb, 6 How. Pr. R. 390; 1 C. .., N. S. 388. ' Getty v. H. R., R. Co. 6 How. Pr. B. 269. ' HoIrfagerv. Hornfger, 6 How. Pr. R. 13. ' Ante, pages 224 to 228. ' Diokinson v. Beardsly, 1 O.R. .7. fso. L],501
the plaintiff examined as a witness by the defendant, such defendant has no right to amend his answer of ecm'se, and can do so only on application to the court.' Nor can a defendant serve an amended answer after issue joined, which is identical in legal effect with the original answer; and if so served such amended answer will be struck out on motion.",The plaintiff, after reply to an answer served with a demurrer written on the same paper, is not bound to reply again to the same answer served on him as an amended answer, with merely the demurrer omitted. The answer in such case is not amended.' And in case a verified complaint is served as an amendment, after answer to the, same complaint ori- ginally served, the defendant is not bound to answer the verified complaint, it .not being an amendment, and judgment against the defendant for want of such answer will be set aside for irregularity.',In the case of Spalding v. Spalding,' it is said by JUSTICE SLL, in relation to the section of the Code allowing amfendments of course without application to the court, that it is " simply an enactment of what has been a standing rule of the Supreme Court ever. since 1796, except the rules gave more time for the exercise of this privilege than is allowed by the Code; and it is hardly necessary to say, that no one will construe this section as allowing amendments which the court is prohibited from allowing upon special,' Snyder v. White, 6. How. Pr. R. 321. - 'Id. 'Howard v. Michigan R. R. Co. 5 How. Pr. R. P06. ' George v. M'Avoy. 6 id. 200, 1 C. I., N. S. 318. 3 How. Pr. R. 297. - 502,[OH. mX. A3ENDMENTS.
application." If this position is correct, it is only. such amendments as the court upon special motion may allow that can be regularly made of course within the time and manner specified by the Code. But it does not follow, as we have seen. that what- ever amendment the court, in its discretion, may allow on motion, can be made by the party of course; as, for example, the striking out of a party defend- ant, or changing the parties in a cause, which can be done only by order of the court.',Let us now briefly consider: 2. }Wiazt amendmnents may be made rby t7e court on ac/picaton, and how and on what terms allowed. The Code makes provision for this class of dases, as follows:," The c'nrt may, befoie or after judgment, in further- ance of jutice, and on such terms as may be proper, amend any pleading, process, or proceeding, by adding or striking out the name of any party, or by correcting a mistake in the name of a party, or a mistake in any other respect, or by inserting other allegations material to the case, or0 when. the amendment does not change substantially the claim or defence, by conforming the pleading or proceeding to the facts proved."',In order to obtain a correct idea of the extent of the changes made by the Code in the practice of allowing amendments to the pleadings, it may be,' Ante, pages 500, 501. ' The word " or" was omitted in the amendment of 1851, but is now in the section as it stands. See 6 How. Pr. R. 390.,* Am. Code, § 173. § 149 Orig. SEC. I.],503
Revised Statutes, cited ante, pages 492, 498.,In a very early case under the Code,' JusMoE MAsoir, in considering the force and effect of this section of the Code, emarks, that he thinks the statute of amendments, as contained in the Revised Statutes, is undoubtedly retained by the Code. "I do not see," he say, "' that there is any conflict be- tween the two, and I apprehend that the design of the Code was to leave the statute of amnendments as contained in the Revised Statutes' untouched; and these provisions in relation to amendments as con- tained in the Code, are to be considered only in addition to, and as a further power of amendment conferred upon the courts; and, it seems to me, we must consider these provisions of the Revised Statutes in relation to amendments in connexion with the provisions of the Code." JuslicE SiL, on the con- trary, in Spalding v. Spalding, cited above, considered the section in question as designed to take the place of the statute, and held, substantially, that the Code had somewhat e etricted the power of allowing amendments, by prohibiting an amendment which changed substantially the cause of action, (claim), or. defence, and which, he was of opinion, might be done under the old practice. This doctrine was dissented from by JUsTwE PAUmE in Dows and Cary v. Gret.a and Mather,' who allowed the form of action, or,' Brown v. Baboock, Special Term, Sept. 1848, 1 C. R. 68, 3 "How. Pr. . 305.,Part 3, Chap. 7, Title 5, Art. 4. ' 3 How. Pr. R. 388. 504,[oa .2
rather the class to which it belonged, to be changed by amendment, holding the restriction in the Code b'have been intended merely to prevent an amend- ment which would substitute an entirely new subject of controversy. " Under the Revised Statutes," he remarks, "the discretion of the court in making amendments was not limited; and under that section,' the court frequently allowed a change of the form of action.-1 How. Pr. R. 82; 2 id. 43; 3 id. 148. It is not the policy of later legislation to resteict, but rather to encourage amendments, so that every cause, if practicable, shall be decided on the merits; and to effect this, the form must always yield to the sub- stance.',This seems to be entirely in accordance with the views expressed by the commissioners es the Code! And it agrees with what was said in Brown v. Bab- cock, supra, and also with a late case in the N. Y. Common Pleas, decided since the amendment which changed the words " cause of action" into the word " claim."' In the case last cited, an amendment was allowed after issue joined, the effect of which was to change a cause of action founded upon contract into an action of tort. In Dows and Cary v. Green, above cited, it was held the plaintiff might amend a com- plaint claiming a judgment for damages for the value of personal property unjustly detained, so as to allow him to proceed to judgment as in an action for the recovery of possession of personal property.,2 R. S. (3d ed.) 519, § 1. First Rep. of Cor. p. 168. ' Chapman v. Webb and Raymond, 6 How. Pr. R. 390. Per DALY, J.,33 EO. I.],5óS
was intimated that it would be irregular to amend a complaint for the recovery of personal property, by setting forth a cause of action as founded upon a pro- mise to pay for the same goods. And in Houghton a Latour, the court refused to allow an amendment to be made to an answer by adding an entirely new ground of defence, for the reason that such amend- ment substantially changed the defence within the meaning of the Code. The same rule of amendmnDt which applies to a complaint will, of course, apply to the counterclaim set up by way of defence.,In Wright v. Storms,' on a motion for leave to amend a complaint by changing parties, plaintiff, and defend- ant, the court was of opinion that it was not the in- tention of the Code that the power of amendment should be exercised to the extent of allowing an entire change of parties so as, in effect, to be a new suit. The plaintiff must discontinue his action and commence again. In most cases, however, in the discretion of the court, and "in furtherance of justice," parties may be added to, or stricken from, the pleadings at any time on terms.,But an amendment was allowed, claiming a larger amount of damages, even after a verified reply reite- rating the amount claimed in the original complaint.','2 Sand. 651. 10 L. 0. 32. 3 C. R. 138, Special Term, perEDwAnDS, J. See infra, remarks on the case of Dutcher v. Black. * Merchant v. N. Y. Life Ins. Co., 2 Sand. 669, and see also 1 C. R., N. S. 352. 506,HE. mv
In Brown v. Babcock, supra,' the pleadings were allowed to be amended by striking out a defendant, who had been erroneously joined, on payment of defendant's costs of suit and costs of opposing motion. In Bemis v. Bronson,' it appearing at the trial that there was no cause of action against one of the de- fendants, on a motion for non-suit, JUSTIcE EDMOfND allowed the pleadings to be amended by striking out the defendant, on condition that plaintiff forthwith pay his costs or give security therefor. A similar decision was made by JUSTIcE WATSON at the circuit' who allowed, before trial, the name of a defendant sued as endorser, but who had not received notice of pro- test, to be struck out on payment of his costs, leaving the action to proceed against the maker.,In Dutcher v. Slack,' a party plaintiff was allowed to be added on motion, the court holding that an amendment as to parties might be made by the Code, " in furtherance of justice," provided only the amendment did not change ubstantiall the came of action or defenwe. The rule thus limited in its ap- plication was undoubtedly correct, as. the Code then stood.' An amendment by the court being allowed in terms only " whenever the amendment shall not change substantially the cause of action or defence." As the Code now reads, however, this clause stands,3 How. Pr. R. 305,1 C. 66. . ' 1 C. R. 27. * Beekman v. Cutler, not reported. 3 How. Pr. R. 322. § 149, original. 81. I.],5st
grammatical construction, limit the power of amend- ment in cases of " adding or striking out the name of any party," or "correcting a mistake in the name of a party," or "a mistake in any other respect," or in- serting other allegations material to the case." These four classes of amendments may now be made in the discretion of the court, in furtherance of justice, which, it seems, is the only limitation, and the sole enquiry on such an application. Within the language of this section, as it now stands, perhaps the amend- ment asked in Wright v. Storm, supra,' might have been properly allowed. In a partition case, JUSTICE WILLABD allowed a plaintiff to amend a defective com- plaint at the hearing, in conformity with the old ,equity practice, by adding and striking out parties, and making such other changes as might in conse- quence become necessary, on payment of costs to the party stricken out of the pleadings incurred subse- quent to appearance,' and doubtless the same amend- ment might have been made on application before hearing. A mistake in the name of a party is not a ground of non-suit, but it can be amended at the trial or afterwards.',.A complaint was allowed to be amended by striking out the name of a party plaintiff, who had been discharged under the insolvent debtor act, after the cause had been referred, and some testimony taken therein, such plaintiff being required to pay,Ante, page 506. 2 Vandewerker v. Vandewerker, 7 Barb. S C. R. 221, and see § 122 Am. Code.,9 Barb. S. C. R. 202. 508,[CH. IX. AM[FN DIIMENTS.
the costs of the motion, and give security to pay his proportion of the costs which had already accrued, in case the defendant recovered judgment.' The name of a next fiiend in Forrest v. Forrest,' was allowed to be 'inserted in the pleadings by amend- ment. And it may be inserted, it seems, nuncpro tuna at any time.',In respect to the correction of mistakes, either in the name of a party, or in any other respect, the utmost liberality is exercised by the court. An amendment will always be allowed which does not prejudice the substantial rights of the opposite party, the terms being usually payment of the costs of the motion.,With regard to the clause which allows an amend- ment " by inserting other allegations material to the case," it is very evident that this must be taken with many limitations and restrictions, and must be con- strued with other parts of the Code. A complaint defective for want of material allegations, that is, which does not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action, is bad on demurrer, and is not cured by a verdict. It cannot be supposed that after judg- ment, on appeal, the court would permit these mate- rial allegations to be added by way of amendment, so as to sustain the judgment. The clause may, per- haps, be properly construed as applying only to pleadings before trial. After that, such an amend- ment can very rarely be allowed " in furtherance of justice," or without prejudice to the substantial rights,' Davis v. Sohermerhorn, 5 How. Pr. B. 440. 2 3 C. R. 254. ' 6 How. Pr. R. 396. sio. I.],509
of the opposite party. It was so substantially decided in Roth v. Schloss,' where on the trial the plaintiff's counsel offered to prove a material fact not alleged in the complaint, and asked leave to amend, which was refused. Upon the motion in that case for a new trial, the court says: "This was not a case of variance. There was an omission in the com- plaint of the entire allegation offered to be proved. It was, therefore, a case under the 149th section,' and the motion should not have been granted, unless it had clearly appeared that to grant it would be 'in furtherance of justice.' If it be admitted, that the fact offered to be proved was material for the plain- tiff to establish, then that fact might be controverted by the defendant, which would require an amend- ment of the answer, and very likely, upon that new issue, it would be material to produce witnesses who were not then in attendance at the court."' The court, therefore, held the application to have been very properly denied.' It was further said, in that case, that the denial of a motion to amend, where the law reposes a discretion i the judge, is not an appro- priate ground of exception.,Termn of amendment. The amendments indicated by the section under consideration, are all to be on "such terms as may be proper," that is, as the court in its discretion may think fit to impose. The costs,6 Barb. S. C. R. 808, at General Term, 5th District. ' Orig. Code. * Per GRIDLEY, J. But see Executors of Keese v. Fullerton, 1 C. R. 52, where such an amendment was allowed on payment of the costs of trial, with leave to the defendants to answer in 20 days. 610,raH. IX.
of the motion, if before trial, as we have already seen, is usually granted. But if the amendment is applied for after the cause is at issue and actually noticed for trial, the costs of the circuit, as well as the costs of opposing the motion, will be required to be paid;' or, if the name of an adverse party be struck out, his full costs up to the lime of motion.' Some- times also other terms will be imposed ;' and see fur- ther, generally, as to terms of amendments, Brown v Babcock, 3 How. Pr. R. 305.,I am next to consider:- 3. Amendments by th court, either on the trial, on judgment renderd, or on motion of the adverseparty. The subject of amendments on the trial may also properly include amendments made after trial and verdict, or new trial ordered. I have already briefly noticed, when, and in what cases, under the old practice, amendment would be allowed to the plead- ings after trial; and the rule is very similar under the new. An amendment will be permitted after trial, as under the former practice, by adding a new count to the declaration,' in a case commenced before the Code. And even after a non-suit, though the general rule is to the contrary, yet a plaintiff under peculiar circumstances may have leave to amend and have a new trial, in analogy with the former practice.' So held under the Code, in .Balcom v. Woodruff',Monell Pr. 49. '1 . R. 27. 5 How. Pr. R. 440. Burnap v. Babcock, 1 C. R. 51. But not it is presumed by adding a distinct cause of action.,' 17 Wend. 75. 7 Barb. S. 0. R. 14, at General Term, 5th District. SIB L],511
on the ground that his declaration contained no count adapted to the nature of the case. It appearing'that the defendant had not been misled; that the cause had been once tried without any objection having been made; that the statute of limitations had attached; and that such relief would be manifestly infurtheranee qfjustice, the court allowed the plain- tiff to amend his declaration, nwne pro taun, and set aside the non-suit on payment of costs.,Amendments after trial, however, are allowed with great caution, and not unless upon good cause shown. It was very properly said in Houghton v. Skinner,' that, though the Code gives great latitude of discretion as to amendments, yet there must be some limit; and that in the exercise of discretion the old rules are safe guides, and must be followed, unless §ome very special reasons render their application un- just. In that case, after trial and verdict for plaintiff a motion by defendant for leave to plead a former judgment against a co-defendant, the defendant hav- ing knowledge thereof before answer, was denied.,The N. Y. Superior Court allowed an amendment after trial by inserting in a complaint for slander words in German which were set out in English.' But this was really the case of an amendment at the trial, the motion having been made on leave granted at the trial to apply for liberty to amend nune pIo z nw. A similar amendment was held in the N. Y.,' 5 How. Pr. R. 420. ' Lettman v. Ritz, 3 Sand..734. 512,[Co. .VS A~MEI~JWTn
Common Pleas to be admissible, and not a substan- tial change of the cause of action.',In respect to amendments at the trial, I have al- ready briefly noticed one or two cases in which they might be properly allowed, mainly with respect to add- ing or striking out the names of parties, and the terms upon which such amendments will be allowed.' From the case of Executors of Keese v. Fullerton,' it seems, that although the court may not at the trial absolutely dismiss a complaint when it does not contain material allegations sufficient, &c., but may suffer an amend- ment to be made on payment of costs; yet, from the subsequent case of Roth v. Schloss, cited above,' it appears that this can only be done under peculiar circumstances, and when it is clearly in furtherance of juystie.,It was observed, ante, page 509, that the clause allowing an amendment to be made " by inserting other allegations material to the complaint," could not extend so far as to allow an amendment in aid of a judgment defective for want of such material alle- gations. Such a judgment must be reversed, even though the defendant has neglected to take the ob- jection by demurrer.' Bu, it is held that on the re- versal of such a judgment, the plaintiff in such case, on payment of costs, may have leave to amend his complaint by inserting the material allegations, giving,: Debaix v. Lehind, 1 C. R., N. S. 235. 'Ante, pages 506 to 509, 5 How. Pr. R. 440, 1 C. R. 27, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 221.,' C. R. 52. ' 6 Barb. S. C. R. 308. ' Rayner r. Clark, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 581.,» sEO ,.],513
the defendant the right of reply; thus placing both parties precisely in th3ir formi3r pr3iti on.,And generally in the reversal of a judgment in all cases of erroneous pleading, or other defect, which would have been the subject of demurrer, had it ap- peared on the face of the pleading, the court will on granting a new trial, if the pleading is capable of being amended so as to show a good cause of action without changing the substance, allow it to be so amended on the terms of payment of all costs subse, quent to the pleading.,So, too, on the decision of a demurrer either at General or Special Term, amendments are allowed with great liberality, either to the plaintiffs com- plaint or reply, or the defendant's answer. The latter part of section 172 of the amended Code, makes pro- vision on this subject, as follows:," After the decision of a demurrer, either at a General or a Special Term, the court may, in its discretion, if it appear that the demurrer was interposed in good faith, allow the party to plead over upon such terms as may be just. If the demurrer be allowed for the cause mentioned in the fifth subdivision of section 144, the court may, in its discretion, and upon such terms as may be just, order the action to be divided into as many actions as may be necessary to the proper determination of the causes of action therein men- tioned.",The object of these provisions is sufficiently appa- rent. The discretion of the court in allowing the defendant to plead over on terms, is unlimited, save by the one restriction, that the demurrer must ap-,7 Brb. S. C. R. 584. 9,[elf. lx. 514
pear to have been interposed in good faith. As to this point, see farther, ante, pages 431, 432.,An amendment of the plaintiffs complaint is also allowed on judgment against him upon a demurrer. The section above cited, specifies but the one case, that is, where several causes of action have been im- properly joined, in which, instead of turning the plaintiff out of court, and leaving him to commence new actions, the court may divide the ,action on payment by the plaintiff, of defendant's costs. Judg- ment rendered against the plaintiff, on demurrer for some defect not going to the merits of the action, cannot be pleaded in bar to another action for the same demand.' It cannot, therefore, be absolutely necessary in all cases to allow an amendment on judgment against the plaintiff on demurrer; because, he may if he choose commence a new action. But instances occur in which it is not only proper, but absolutely necessary, to prevent a failure of justice, that an amendment should be allowed to the com- plaint after judgment against the plaintiff on de- murrer.,Whenever such judgment might be pleaded in bar to another recovery, if the plaintiff otherwise shows a good cause of action, he should be allowed to amend. As, for example, when the complaint does not show that the plaintiff has legal capacity to sue, as a wife without next friend, or an infant without guardian. The same is true where the objection not appearing on the face of the complaint is taken by answer, and under the old practice would have been set up by plea in abatement. A verdict for defend-,1 Chit. P1. 198, 4 Wend. 95. SlO. I.],515
final, but the plaintiff, on showing a good cause of action,' where the merits have not been enquired into on the trial, ought to be suffered to amend after ver- dict, and a new trial granted on payment of the costs. So, too, where the pleading is -defective either for want of showing sufficient facts, mistake in parties, or for any 'other cause, and the statute of limita- tions, if the plaintiff is driven to a new action, will attach; in all such cases, he should, on proper terms, after verdict, or judgment on demurrer, be permitted to amend; at least to the extent that he was allowed to do under the former practice.',On error, the court may make such amendment as could be made by the court below.' And where the defect is such as should have been amended in the court below, the court of appeals will not reverse a judgment overruling a demurrer for such cause.',When an amendment cannot be made of course, it must be made by order of the court. A referee has no right to order an amendment, or to change the issue which the court has sent to him to be tried.',Amendments are also made to the pleadings by the court on motion of the adverse party. This is under section 160 of the amended Code providing for striking out irrelevant and redundant matter; but as that subject has been already fully considered, it.will,' See cases heretofore cited, and see Balcom v. Woodruff, 7 Barb. S. C. R. 13 ; Barnes v. Perine, 9 Id. 202; Willis v. Underhill, 6 How. Pr. R 396. * 7 John. 468. '4 Cons. 276. 4 Holmes v. Slocum, 1 C. R., N. S. 380. 516,[Ci. m AMENDMENTS.
not be necessary to pursue it further in this place.,The section also provides, that:- " When the allegations of a pleading are so indefinite or uncertain that the precise nature of the charge or defence is not apparent, the court may require the pleading to be made more definite and certain by amendment.",This provision of the Code may be frequently re- sorted to with effect by the adverse party to correct a pleading which is ambiguous or unintelligible, or which, from the vagueness of its language, or its in- artificial manner of statement, is either calculated to mislead the opposite party, or is not susceptible of a direct and positive answer. The motion may be very often effectively resorted to instead of a demurrer, and, indeed, in many cases, perhaps, it may be the only proper way to reach the objection. Thus, in case of an informal denial of the allegations of the complaint, or in case of an allegation in pleading which amounts to a negative pregnant, and which does not, therefore, constitute a direct and positive answer to the previous pleading,' or, where in an answer to a verified pleading the allegation may be construed in one sense to amount to a denial, but is stL:3eptible of another construction making it an eva- sive answer, in all these cases, it is conceived, an ap- plication to correct the pleading will be entertained, and the party committing the fault, in analogy with the practice on granting motions to strike out re- dundant matter, will be held to pay the costs of the motion.,See ante, page 485. SEC. I],517
The language of the Code is, "where the allega- tions of a pleading are so indefinite or uncertain, that the precise nature of the charge or defence is not apparent." This, it is evident, is susceptible of a broad application; and the motion may be made to correct a pleading on this ground, not only in cases where. a demurrer mill not lie, but in many cases where a demurrer also would be proper.',What is certainty in a pleading has been already considered.' A former definition of the Code in regard to the statement of facts was, that it should be made " in such a manner as to enable a person of common understanding to know what is intended."' This language was found to be open to criticism, and it has not been retained by the later amendments. The only rule of certainty now indicated in terms by the Code is that the statement of facts must be "plain and concise;" or "in ordin.ry and concise language without repetition."' The former well estab- lished rules for the construction of pleadings, it is supposed, may still be serviceable as a test whether the pleading is certain and definite within the mean- ing of the Code.,' Ante, pages 441, 442. * Code of 1849, § 142, 149, and 153. ' Same sections, Code 1851. 518
SECTION II. VARIANCFS BIT1WEEN PLEADING AND PEOOF. T'ri first three sections of that chapter of the Code relative to mistakes in pleading, and amendments, now under consideration, contain the provisions of the Code on the subject of variances. The first of these sections relates to material variances appearing in proof, defines what shall be deemed to constitute such variance, and provides a remedy. It is as follows:-," No variance between the allegation in a pleading and the proof shall be deemed material, unless it have actually misled the adverse party, to his prejudice, in maintaining his action or defence, upon the merits. 'Whenever it shall be alleged, that a party has been so misled, that fact shall be proved to the satisfaction of the court, and in what respect he has been misled; and, thereupon, the court may order the pleading to be amended, upon such terms as shall be just."',The next succeeding section of this chapter pro- vides for the case of an immaterial variance, and the manner of treating it, as follows --,'Am. Code, § 169. sao. U.],619
"When the variance is not material, as provided in the last section, the court may direct the fact to be found accord- ing to the eidence, or may order an immediate amend- mcn:t, Without costs.'",The last of these sections is a definition of what shall be deemed a variance within the meaning of these provisions, and is in the following words:-,"Where, however, the allegation of the cause of action, or defence, to which the proof is directed, is unproved, not in some particular or particulars only, but in its entire scope and meaning, it shall not be deemed a case of variance, within the last two sections, but a failure of proof."',This section, it is evident, is a material qualifica- tion to the one first above quoted, and limits the power of the court to order an amendment on the trial where the proof is defective, to those cases only in which some particular portion of the allega- tions is not sustained, but the cause of action or defence is otherwise substantially made out. If the whole fail, it is no case of variance, and there can be no amendment for the purposes of the trial. In such case, it seems, the plaintiff must be non-suited with costs, and the complaint dismissed, at least so far as the pending trial is concerned, unless it clearly appear to be in furtherance of justice, to allow the &mend- ment;' or, if the complaint be not absolutely dis- missed, that it stand over on payment of costs, allowing the defendant, if he wish it, to answer,Am. Code, § 170. ' Am. Code, § 171. ' Roth v. Schloss, 6 Barb. 8. C. R. 308. 5S0,rn.-i
of Fullerton v. Armstrong, and Bemis v. Brown.' Or, if the non-suit be actually granted, the amend- ment may, perhaps, be allowed afterwards on motion, with a new trial, under very special circumstances, within the case of Balcom v. Woodruff, before cited.',In Roth v. Schloss,' an action brought under the Code, it was held that where the complaint omitted to set out an entire material allegation, the plaintiff could neither prove such fact on the trial, nor was it a case of variance.' It could not be disregardd or amended at the trial, unless under section 149,' when it clearly appeared to be in furtherance of justice: And such an amendment, if allowed at all, could only be allowed on payment by the plaintiff of de- fendant's costs, leaving the case to stand over with permission to the defendant to answer the amended complaint. This would be in effect the same thing as dismissing the complaint, leaving the plaintiff to commence a new action; unless, indeed, an amend- ment was rendered necessary to save the statute of limitations. In such case, leave to amend might be granted on terms, either at the trial, or afterwards on motion.',1 C. R. 52, 1 id. 27. At page 511. 6 Barb. S. C. R. 308. S· ee remarks on this case, ante, page 510. * § 173, Am. Code. · But see a very early ease under the Code, Wood v. Gilohrist, 1 C. R. 117, where a material allegation was allowed on the trial to be inserted in an action of slander, without payment of costs, it ap- pearing that the defendant was not " misled." ' Barb. S. C. B 13.,34 es REo. it.],52I' VARIAIJOEB
A matrial variance between the pleading and the proof, is, as we have seen, defined by the Code, to be one which has " actually misled the adverse party, to his prejudice, in maintaining his action or defence upon the merits." If it have not so misled the adverse party, it may be amended without costs, or disregarded. Upon this subject, the reader is again referred to the sections of the Revised Statute above quoted.' Under the former practice, by statute, variances which could be amended by the court after verdict were disregarded upon the trial of a cause, "unless such variance or mistake be calculated to surprise and mislead the adverse party, and to pre- vent his making due preparation for a full answer on the merits, to the matter concerning which such variances or mistake shall have been made."' But the statute contemplated only the case of a written instrument erroneously recited, or referred to, or where a mistake occurred in the name of any person, or oficer, or in stating any day, month, or year, or in tle description of any property.' Yet, it was said, that, independent of the statute, within the limits' thereof, amendments might be made, at the trial, of most variances between pleadings and proofs, where the action was founded on an oral contract or wrong.' These limits were, that the variance must be clerical or unimportant, and the court must be satisfied that the party objecting has not been sur- prised and misled by it, or prevented from making due preparation for a full defence on the merits.',' Ante, pages 492, 493. ' 2 R. S. (3d ed.) page 504, § 98. ' Id. 19 Wend. 542, Cow. & Hill's notes, 531, 532. '15 Wend. 672, 673, 17id. 113, 19 id. 542, 543. 522,[Or. mX
tially as stated by JUDGE COWEN in his treatise,, that if the variance was such as not to have misled the party objecting, and, if, above all, he in fact have not been misled, there can be no reason why the merits should be shut out. On the other hand, if the variance had been so wide as palpably to throw the opposite party ofl his guard, or, if he have in consequence failed to prepare himself for trial, the variance becomes material; and should neither be overlooked nor amended. This was precisely the rule laid down in Roth v. Schloss, supra.,There is a marked similarity between the language of the statute above quoted, and that of the Code. The Code, however, is more definite and specific. The statute says, "if the variance or mistake be ca- culated to surprise and mislead," &c. The Code says, "unless it have actually misled the adverse party, to his prejudice," &c. Under the former practice, the party claiming to have been misled by the variance, might prove the fact to the court by his own oath or otherwise if desirable; or the court might determine the question from the appearance of things in the course of the action.' By the Code, a mere assertion that the party has been misled by a variance, will not, it seems, be sufficient to defeat an amendment upon terms, unless that fact " be proved to the satis- faction of the court," and also, in what respect the party has been misled. What the nature and cha- racter of this proof may be, will of course rest much in the discretion of the court. The Code seems to,Cow. Treat. 939. Cow. Treat. 679, 690. BEO. II.],528 VABIAMNOES.
be necessary that the proof should be always sus- tained by the oath of the party; if it satisfactorily appear from the evidence already given, and the facts and circumstances which already appear in the cause, it will be sufficient.,It may be further observed under this head, that even where a case is not properly a case of variance under the Code, yet an amendment may be made to reach and cure the defect under the last clause of section 173, "when the amendment does not change substantially the claim or defence by conforming the pleading or proceedings to the facts proved." An amendment under this provision, it will be seen, is limited by the proviso that it shall not change the claim or defence. As to what will be regarded as a change of the claim or defence, vide pages 505 to 508. If the plaintiff claim legal relief when his proper relief is equitable, or if he claim equitable relief when his cause of action shows him to be entitled properly to legal relief, an amendment changing the claim for re- lief is no change of the cause of action. In such a case, it was said by JusTICE PARKEI, that he should certainly allow on the trial whatever amendment in the pleadings was necessary to administer complete justice in the case. And query, in a case like this, where the complaint does not demand the proper re- lief, whether an amendment is necessary within the provisions of section 275.,Immaterial variances may be disregarded entirely, and the fact found according to the evidence. Or,'Lettman v. Rits, 3 Sand. 734.,[oH. ,X. 5241,AMENDMENTS.
the court may order an immediate amendment with- out costs.',The rule embodied in this section was substantially the practice before the Code, as was well said by OAKLEY, Ch. J. in Depuyster v. Wheeler,' a case com- menced before the Code. Objections of a technical character, he remarks, were of a class which the court was very much in the habit of disregarding be- fore the Code was enacted: " We have usually given judgment in such cases without waiting for amend- ments to be made. If an amendment were deemed important, we left the party to apply for it on motion; and we imposed such terms on the party as we thought were proper when the motion was made. Indeed, variances generally have been either disre- garded at the trial, or an amendment allowed at once. The judge at nisi prius can best determine whether there has been any surprise on the adverse party, or whether any injury is likely to result to him from his relying on the variance, or whether he ought to have relied on it at all." And it was de- clared that such would be the practice in that court for the future; namely, to disregard the variance without.ordering an amendment, leaving the party to apply for it on motion if he deemed it prudent.,What constitutes an immaterial variance, which may be so disregarded on the trial, it is not so easy to determine. The Code in general terms defines it to be such as shall not "have actually misled the adverse party, to his prejudice, in maintaining his action or defence on the merits." Want of an alle- gation material to the cause of action, such as was,' Am. Code, § 69. ' 1 Sand. 719.,m5;s $AE. n.]
Wood v. Gilchrist,' cannot certainly be disregarded on the trial, and if so disregarded, a judgment entered thereon, would be reversed on appeal, because the complaint does not show facts sufficient to constitute a cause of action. And, indeed, it is doubtful if that case can be sustained in other respects within the decision in Roth v. Schloss, supra." But where the complaint contains sufficient facts to sustain the action, or the answer sufficient to sustain the defence, if the cause of action or defence be substantially proved, the failure to prove certain allegations precisely as laid, will be disregarded. Thus in Lettman v. Ritz,' where the complaint in slander laid the words in English, and on the trial it was proved that they were spoken in German, the court for the purposes of the trial disregarded the variance, giving the plaintiff liberty, if he succeeded, to apply for an amendment on terms after the triaL,The rule that the allegata and the probata should correspond was, doubtless, more strictly enforced at common law, and even under the statute, than it will be under the Code. The rule was said to be both sound in principle, and well established in precedent. Thus in some cases at common law, immaterial aver- ments, that is, averments which were not actually impertinent a- suerplusage, must, if laid in the declara- tion, be proved.' The rule is stated by Mr..Chitty to,1 0. R. 117. 6 Barb. S.C. R. 108. ' 3 Sand. 734. Gould's PI. 160, 164. A distinction is made between an im- material and an impertinent averment. The one may remain in 526,[aO. I.
material, and not impertinent or foreign to the cause, and which cannot be rejected as 2wplubsage, must be proved as alleged, and the rule was so adopted by the Supreme Court in Hess v. Fox,' as particularly applicable to written instruments. If, it was said, the averment cannot be stricken out as surplusage, it should be strictly stated and proved.,It is conceived that such a rule cannot properly be now applied. A failure to prove an immaterial averment cannot in general be a material variance at the trial, within the meaning of the Code, and will be disregarded. And so too, in respect to facts which a party may, but which he need not allege, as if he aver demand of payment of a promissory note, or account, before suit bought; or, in an action of trespass to lands, if he allege that the defendant wilfully and maliciously committed the trespass, a variance in the proof, by a failure to prove the demand in the one instance, and the malice in the other, will be disre- garded. It is sufficient if the substance of the issue isproved. If the contract given in.evidence agreein substance and legal effect with that stated in the declaration, the variance will not be regarded.,The rule in respect to variances, however, has often been very strictly, and even technically applied by the courts of this state. Thus in Bissel v. Drake,' in trover for a promissory note alleged to be worth $180, the note when produced appeared to be for the pleadings; the other will be struck out. This distinction does not seem to be recognized under the Code.,' 10 Wend. 436, 437. ' 19 John. 66. B= In],527 VABRIANOES.
where the declaration was upon a promise to pay $100 for improvements upon lands, and the promise proved was to pay so much if the promissor obtained a contract for the land, the variance was held fatal. So where a contract was alleged as absolute to trans- port twenty tons, and the one proved was to trans- port fifteen or twenty tons.' And soif the declaration allege a consideration for the promise additional to the true one, the plaintiff will fail on the ground of variance.' So, too, under the former practice in pleading usury, either in an action at law, or when set up as a defence in a plea or answer in equity, the defendant was required strictly to prove the usurious agreement as stated, otherwise, he failed in his defence.,That a more liberal practice in cases of this descrip- tion is introduced by the Code is manifest, from what was said in the late case of Fay v. Grimsteed,' namely, that now, on the trial, if the usurious agreement proved differ in its terms from chat alleged in the answer, it will not be a failure .of proof so as to entitle the plaintiff to a verdict, but a case of variance subject to amendment upon terms. And, generally, most cases of variance of a description similar to those above cited, will now either be disregarded on the trial, or be within the reach of an amendment. Very few of them could stand the test established by the Code, namely, that the variance must be proved to,' 7 Cow. 263. ' 3 Wend. 374. ' 3 Caines, 280, and see further as to cases of variance, Cow. and Hill, notes, pp. 503 to 513.,'10 Barb. S. 0. R. 321. 528,[o. LX. AMEKDaaI8.
the satisfaction of the court, to be such as has " act- ay misled the adverse party to his prejudice in maintaining his action or defence upon the merits.",SECTION MI. DEFECTS IN PLEADING, WHEN AND HOW AIDED. A DEFECT in pleading is aided by the Code as at common law, either by pleading over, by presump- tion after verdict, and by the statute, or provisions of the Code relative to amendments.,1. Bypleading over.-This subject has been already incidentally considered, and an additional remark or two will be all that can be necessary. Section 144, cited ante, page 372, specifies the causes of demurrer to the complaint, if apparent on the face of the plead- ing, and if not so apparent, the objection is to be taken by answer. But if the objection be not taken by demurrer or answer, the defendant shall be deemed to have waived the same, except only the objection to the jurisdiction of the court, and the cbjection that the complaint does not state facts sufficient to consti- tute a cause of action.',An objection to the jurisdiction, it has been before remarked, may be taken at any time. Such a defect can never be aided by pleading over.,A Am. Code, § 148.,529
Nor under the Code, as under the old system, will a defect in substance in the complaint be impliedly cured by the mere effect of pleading over.' The rule, it is presumed, applies also to an answer as well as to a complaint. Thus, if the defendant plead accord and do not show satisfactii, and the plaintiff merely deny the agreement, this traverse could not cure the fault in the plea; namely, the omission to show a ~ati- faction, to the plaintiff in regard to the cause of action.' If, however, the adverse pleading expressly admit the fact which ought to have been stated in the defective pleading, and which is substantially in- correct in omitting it, the error becomes immaterial, as in the instance of a declaration in trespass for takJ ing goods, omitting to show any title to, or possession of the goods, and the plea admits the defendant's possession.',2. By presumption or intendment after verdict.- The court will after verdict presume or intend that the particular thing which appears to be defectively or imperfectly stated or omittedin the pleadings, was duly proved on the trial. It is to be observed, how- ever, that this is not to be taken to mean that the court will by intendment after verdict supply mate- rial facts or allegations in the complaint, without which the complaint does not show a cause of action. This was expressly held otherwise under the Code in Rayner v. Clark, (7 Barb. S. C. R. 55t.) Such allegations cannot be presumed to have been proved. But it seems the intendment after verdict under the Code, as under the old practice, is to be confined,'7 Barb. S. C. R. 585. 6 id. b57. 10 id. 321. '1 Chit P. 672. ' Id. 530,[OH·. m
solely to such allegations as can be implied from the allegations on record. A verdict will cure a defective statement of title, but will never cure a defective title or cause of action.',It seems, too. to be still the rule that such intend- ment cannot apply to the case of a judgment on de- fault. LWhere there has been no trial or verdict nothing can be intended or presumedin favor of the plaintiff. The judgment admits such facts only as are actually alleged.' A plaintiff by the Code can- not, on default, take any greater or other relief than that demanded in his complaint.' And it would certainly seem that the facts which he alleges in his complaint, must of themselves, without any presump- tion or intendment, show him entitled to that relief. The rule, however, should be held to extend only to substantial defects, matters of substance, and not of form, otherwise it will come within that class of de- sects which. is aided.,3. By the statute and Code relative to amendments. -The statute of amendments has already been alluded to and partially quoted in a preceding part of this chapter.' It will not be necessary in this place further to consider its provisions, or its applica- tion to the present practice. If not abolished, it is practically superseded by the broader and more general provisions of the Code embodied in section 1T6:-,!" The court shall, in every stage of an action, disregard any error or defect in the pleadings or proceedings which,1 Chit. PI. 681, and see cases there cited. ' 1 Saund. 228, note 1. ' Am. Code, § 275. ' Ante, pages 492, 493.,531
shall not affect the substantial rights of the adverse party; and no judgment shall be revereed or affected by reason of such error or defect.",This, it is conceived, not only embraces in a single proposition the whole of the statute of jeofails and amendments, but goes something beyond, and may perhaps, aid cases which the statute could not reach. It was held in Vanderburgh v. Vanvalkenburgh,' that this section, though made applicable to existing suits, is not to be understood as making valid a bad pleading in a suit brought under the old practice when the defects complained of are made the ground of demurrer. Within the principle of this decision, it is presumed, that the section cannot aid a defect in such suit after judgment or verdict, but such defect must be determined by the rules and provisions of the statute.,In all other cases, however, this section of the Code applies. It furnishes a single test in all cases, a broad and universal test, namely, that if the defect is such as in the op0 of the court will not " afect the substantial riwal/ /w adveirseparty," no matter in what that defect onsist, the judgment willnot be reversed or affecteu thereby. It is but applying to the action in its last stages, the rule which the Code designs to govern its commencement, and to regulate its proceedings throughout, namely, that the action is to be stated, tried, and determined on its merits alone, and that the substantial lights of the parties, and they alone, are to be regarded as con- trolling the administration of justice under the forms of law.,'8 Barb. S. C. B. 217, General Term, 3d District. 382,[OH. LS.
- ,' IN DEX.,A. ABATEMENT,,pleas in, under former practice use and requisites of, plea in distinction between plea in abatement and in bar didtinction still recognized by the Code matter in abatement cannot be joined with matter,defence in bar,230 230 231 231 oif 231, 232 ACCOUNT,,former action of . . . . . 32 stated account between parties . 155,(See COMMON COUNTS.) not necessary to set forth items . 169, 479 plaintiffs statement of, sufficient when 169, 479 shall deliver copy of, on'demaud of opposite party 479 rule in reference to statement of .169, 170 common counts, when may be used . . 170,(See COMaMON COUNTS.) sufficienoy of complaint in action of between partners 172 answer to complaint on account . . 479 must be to complaint and not to bill of particulars . 479 answer sufficient, when . . 479, 480 ACTION,,different kinds of, under former system forms of pleading with reference to .,(See PLEADING.) forms of action division of actions under former system actions, ex dilecto, parties to .,(See PARTIES.) who must Drosecute and defend,(See PARTIES.),25 . 25-29,. 31 · · 32,92 82- 117
must be brought in name of real party in interest 83,(See PARTIES.) who defendants in civil actions . 103 -117,(See PARTIES.) to recover personal property, substitute for replevin . 112 rule in, as respects parties defendant . . 112,(See PARTIES.) to recover real property, substitute for ejeetment . 112 rule in, as to parties defendant . 113,(See PARTIES.) as to joinder of different causes of . 118- 128,(See JOINDER OF ACTIONS.) by one partner against co-partner . . 172 concerning real property . . . 206 et se.,(See COMPLAINT.) general provisions of Revised Statutes apply . . 206 for foreclosure of mortgage, complaint in . . 207 for partition of property, complaint in . . 206 of waste and naisance, how affected by Code . . 211 for determination of claims to real property, whether,authorized by the Code . . . . 211 local and transitory . . . 456, 457 where tried . . 456, 457,(See TRIAL OP ISSUE.) where actions are improperly united, the court may,divide them into different actions . . . 515 AGGRAVATION, MATTER OF,,(See COMPLAINT.) ALTERNATIVE,,(See RELIEF, PLEA AND PLEADINGS, &O. AMENDMENT,,of complaint in amount of damages claimed . 215 amendments may be made after judgment when . 226 when must be by supplemental pleading . 226, 227 limitation in respect to allowing amendments . 276 how allowed at common law . . . 491 how in equity . . . . 491 after judgment . . . . 491 statute of jeofails . . 491, 492 Revised Statutes in respect to . 492, 493 variances between pleading and proof .493, 519, et seq.,(See VARIANCES.) what amendments not allowed at common law . 494 amendments after verdict . 496 bow and when allowed in equity . . 496 provisions of the Code in respect to . . 497 amendments of course . 497, 498 584,INDEX.
AMENDMENT, Continued.,how and when made .498 right to amend may be waived, how . 498 frivolous amendment struck out on motion, when 499 amendment cannot be made of course, when . 499 not when opposite party has taken steps to reach irre-,gularity . .. 499, 500 in such cases allowed only on terms . . 500 right to amend of coun's, how limited .500 cannot amend by striking out parties 501, 502, 507, 508 nor by setting up different claim . 501 nor by alleging matters which occurred subsequent to suit .. 501 amended pleading takes place of original 501 full time to answer, allowed from date of 501 when amendment allowed only on motion 502 what amendments so allowed 503, et seq. and how and on what terms . 503, et seq. whether provisions of Code designed to supersede,statute . . .. 504, 505 cause of action on contract, may be changed to tort 505 amendment allowed, increasing damages . 506 but not by adding new ground of defence . 06 or changing suit, for recovery of property into money,demand . . 506 defendant's name may be struck out, when . 507, 508 and on what terms .. 507, 508 and amendments made by adding parties .508 correcting mistakes by amendment . . . 509 inserting material allegations omitted . 509, et seq. not after judgment on appeal . 509 when, not a ease of varince . . . 510 denial of motion to amend, not ground of exceptions . 510 terms of amendment . . 510, 511 in discretion of the court . . . 511 amendments on the trial . . . 511, 513 after trial, and judgment rendered . . 11, et seq. cases in which should be allowed 515, 516 allowed with great caution . . . 512 leave to plead former judgment denied . 512 in slander cases by inserting other words . 512 defective judgment cannot be aided by amendment . 513 on reversal, plaintiff may amend on terms . 513, 514 amendments on decision of demurrer . 514 discretion ot court in allowing . . 514, 515 amendment by court on appeal . . 516 referee cannot order amendment . . 516 amendments on motion of adverse party 516, et seq.,(SCe IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.)
AMENDMENT, Continted.,ambiguous pleading corrected by amendment ' 517, 518,(See MOTION TO CORRECT PLEADING.) amendment allowed when case is not properly one of,variance, when . . 523 ANSWER,,or demurrer must be interposed to raise objection,,when . 161 general nature and use of answer 230, et seq. use of under equity practice . 232, 233 in actions at law 233,234,242 under the Code .271,272 general issue, and what might be given in evidence,under it 234,235,242 equity rule as to answer adopted by the Code 235 averment of payment, not new matter, requiring an answer .. 235 what matters of defence must be specially set up 236, etseq. whether insufficiency, or illegality of consideration, need be set up in answer . 237 infancy, lunacy, &o. 237 is it admissible to set forth a defence which may be given,in evidence under general denial 238, 261, 262, 277, 278 general denial of matter in complaint 241 must be to each material allegation 241,248 specific denial, meaning of . . 242 matter necessarily implied traversable 242-243, 244-483 what is implied material matter .254 must be to material allegation 243, 244-483 denial on information and belief . 245 in what cases, and when sufficient . 245, 246, 247 substance should be traversed, and charges not an-,swered literally .. 248 answer should not be in the disjunctive must not be to the manner and form . 249 should not admit in terms allegation not controverted 248 allegation that d. efndant does not recollect, sufficient 250 evasive answer dufectiv . . 250 517 insufficient answer, how treated 251 statement of new matter . . . 252, et seq. what must be alleged in answer as new matter . 253 matter going to show a contract void, need not be alleged .. 257 examples of such cases . . . 28,259 whether fraud and usury exceptions to the rule 259, 260 matter admitting cause of action, but going to show it,discharged, should always be alleged . . 260 examples of such oases . . . 260, 261
ANSWER, Continued.,conclusions of law and argument cannot be stated 262, 263 nor evidence... 263 defect of parties cannot be proved, unless pleaded 264 answer in libel and slander cases . . 264, et seq.,(See LIBEL AND SLANDER.) udgments and conditions precedent 269, 487 property distrained for damage .270 when statement of new matter sufficient . . 271 answer must either traverse, or confess and avoid com-,plaint . . . . 272, 273-481,482 must not be hypothetical .273-284 special defences how set 'ip . . 274 what may be alleged as new matter . . . 277 equitable defence to legal cause of action . 279 how set forth in the answer .. 280 what facts must not be alleged 281, et seq. rrelevant and redundant matter in answer . 281, et seq.,(See IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.) statement in answer must be concise . 282 end without repetition . 283 .meaning of these rules . . 283 answer where there are several defendants .283 neonsistent answers .. 284, et seq.,(See INCONSISTENT ANSWER AND REPLY.) what need not be stated in answer . . 288, et seq. matter of which court takes notice ex officio, nor pre-,sumptions of law, nor immaterial matter, &c. 288, 289 defendant not bound to answer, when it will subject,him to punishment . . 289 how far this privilege limited by tlhe Cod . 289 how statement in answer to be made . - 290, et seq. separate defences, how stated . . 290, et seq. must be separately stated . . 291,(See COUNTERCLAIM.) must refer to the causes of action 292 must he.plainly numbered 293, 479 joint or separate answer .. 293 in what cases separate answer, proper . 293 will not enure to benefit of codefendant 370 when defendants should answer jointly . . 293 costs in eases of separate answer, how allowed 294 separate answer of one defendant must be material on,plaintiff's right to recover . 295 but may join with such answer, matter for adjustment,of equities between him and a codefendant . 296 answer must be true . . 296 counterclaim, how pleaded . . . 297 et seq.,(See COUNTERCLAIM.) 35
ANSWER, Continued,,verification of answer . . . 314, et seq.,(See VERIFICATION.) if defendant privileged fionm verifying answer, how,answer should be put in . . . 317 irrelevant answer . . . 320, ct seq.,(See SIAM ANSWERS AND DEFENCES) supplemental answer . . . 328, el seq.,(See SUPPLEMENTAL PLEADING.) if defendant answers, his demurrer is waived . 42 but answer may be withdrawn on terms . . 423 answer only proper to raise objection not appearing on,face of pleading . . .. 424 answer and demurrer set up to same cause of action is bad 425 frivolous answer struck out on motion, when . . 427,(See SIIAM ANSWERS AND DEFENCES.) APPEARANCE,,of parties to actions . 72-81 married women . . . . 72, 78-81,(Sec MARRIED WOMEN.) idiots and lunatics . . . 72, 73, 96, 9S,(See IDIOTS AND LUNATICS.) corporations . . . . . . 72, 71 infants . . . . . 72, 77, 78 must appear and defend by guardian . .77,(Sce INFANTS.) trustees and ces!ui que trusts .. 7.6, 90-100 ASSAULT AND BATTERY,,(Sce COMPLAINT, ANSWER.) ASSIGNMENT OF DEMAN),,rule at common law . . . in equity ... 82 assignee must bring suit under the Code . . 3, 84 right of action for tort cannot be assigned . . I but purchaser of chattel may nimintain action to re-,cover it after demand . . 81 contract as signed after action comlienced . . assignee of judgment, party to suit, when . 10-1 1 i assignor of contract not proper party . . 108 assignee of promissory note, what lie must aver in his,complaint . . . . 142-144 plaintiff's interest as assignee must be shown . 172 ASSIGNOR AND ASSIGNEE. (See ASSIGNMENT.) AUTHORITY OF PLAINTIFF,,to bring suit must appear in the pleadings . 172,(See COMPLAINT.)
AVOIDANCE. (S&c ANSWER.) AVERMENT,,material averment, when implied 254 when such averment traversable 242, 243, 244,B. BILLS OF EXCHANGE AND NOTES,,rules as respects parties defendaut to suits, on . C6 mere guarantor cannot be joined with maker . 107 consideration of need not to be averred . 138, 139 words " for value received" import a consideration 139 what sufficient complaint, on . 139 necessary averments in action, on . . . 140 of presentment and demand, what sufficient aver-,ment . . . . 140, 141 of the ownership of plaintiff . . 140, 141 unnecessary to allege that plaintiff is the owner, when 141 what facts plaintiff must prove on trs! . . 141 copy of written instrument, when sufficient complaint 142 not if the action be brought by assignee . 143, 144 or by executors or others not suing in their own right 144 but if note is endorsed to the plaintiff, copy endorse-,ment is sufficient without averring ownership . 144 complaint on note in name of sinn must contain names,of parties at length . . . 145 in complaint on, an implied material allegation may,be traversed . . . 243, 244 BONDS. (Sec WtrIT'EN INSTRUMENTS.) BREACHES, ASSIGNMENTS OF. (See WRITTEN INSTRU-,MCENTS.),C. CI(ANCERY. (Sec EQrITr.) COMMITTEES AND RECEIVER. (See APIEAnANCE.),appearance of as parties . . . . 81 when to prosecute as plaintiff . . . 96-99 when proper parties defendant . . . 90,97 must state in complaint manner of appointment . 173 general averment of being duly appointed insuffioient 173 COIMMON COUNTS,,nature of, different kinds, and when formerly used 154, 155 founded on express or implied promise .155 promise and request always alleged, though not re-,539
quired to be proved need not be in such case under the Code but if promise be express it should be alleged, substance of common counts may be stated, when common counts proper to be used, when COMPLAINT,,156 157 159 157 159,170 in place of declaration under the old system . 129 what it must contain; . . 130 title of .130-133,(See TITLE OP COMPLAINT.) statement of facts in complaint regulated by the Code 133 form abolished, but complaint must contain the neces-,sary matter . . . . 134 general principles regulating complaint . 134, 135, 136 what matters must be alleged in the complaint . 136 as to pleading consideration of contract . 137-139,(See CONSIDERATION.) averments in actions on notes and written instru-,ments . . . . . 140-145,(See BILLS OF EXCHANGE AND NOTES.) in cases of partnership, executors, and others not suing,in their own right . . 144, 145 enough must appear on complaint to bar another suit for same demand . . . 145, 169, 170 statement of promise or contrac . . 146-161,(See PROMisE.) jurisdiction when must appear in complaint 373, et seq. whether facts are to be stated according to their legal,effect . . . 147,(See JURISDICTION.) meaning of this rule not applicable to pleading under the Code 150-1 rule as applied in Dollner v. Gibson . 11 contra in Manning v. Whitbeck 11 and in Eno v. Woodworth complaint for goods sold, work, money paid, &c. 1,(See COMMON COUNTS.) what must contain in actions barred by statute of limi-,tations or bankrupt discharge . . 1,(See LIMITATION STATUTE OF, INSOLVENT.) how condition precedent to be stated private statute . judgment . . in libel and lander suits .,(SEe LIBEL AND SLANDB'.),148- 6ó-159 46, 148 51, 152,153 54-160 60-162,162 163 163 64-167 540,1NDEX.
COMPLAINT, Continued.,on a bond or instrument other than for the payment of,money . . .. 167-170,(See WRITTEN INSTRUlMENT.) on an account . .. 169-170,(See ACCOUNT.) in actions other than contract . . . 170 in an action against a bailee, when sufficient 170 when a demand must be alleged . 170 in an action for converting personal property . 171 for the possession of.personal property . . 171 on a warranty . . 171 scienter to be alleged, when . . 171,172 on false representation or concealment . . 171 on failure of title togoods . . . 171, 172 in cases for equitable relief . 173 in an action to foreclose mortgage where there are infant,defendants . 173 what matters must not be alleged . . 174, et seq. surplusage and redundant matter 174-1S9,(See IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.) whether facts showing right of arrest may be set out in,complaint . . . . 186,187,188 such allegations not constitutive of cause of action 188 and will be struck out as redundant 188 what matters need not be alleged . 188-192 matter of which the court takes notice ex officio 189 matter properly coming from the other side 189 that defendant wasof full age need not be alleged . 189 nor that contract is in writing . ' 190 nor within the statute of frauds . . 190 nor that debt is barred or discharged and subsequently,revived by pew promise . . 190 nor special consideration . 190 not necessary to allege what the law presumes 190 nor circumstances necessarily implied . . 190 implied damages must not be stated . 191 but consequential damages should be , 191 general mode of pleading when allowable . 191 how the facts must be stated . . 192, et seq. causes of action must be separately stated . 195 review of cases on this subject . . 195, 196, 197 how different causes of action to be distinguished in the,complaint . . . 196 must be stated like counts in a declaration . . 197 statement must be direct and positive . 200 argument or inference not proper to be pleaded 201-205 nor conclusions of law 147-150 201-205 nor must the complaint be in tfie alternative . 201,541
COMPLAINT, Continecd.,allegations may be on information or belief . 201 but not when fact is presumptively within the plaintiff's,knowledge . . . . . 201 facts within plaintiff's knowledge must be alleged 204 in cases formerly of equitable jurisdiction 203, 204, 205 facts essential to obtain the relief must be stated 203 otherwise cannot be proved . . 204 title and claim of plaintiff, and injury of which he com-,plains .. 204 what must be stated in complaint in an action concern-,ing real property . . 206, et seq. to recover the possession of real estate . 206, 207 in an action for admeasurement of dower . . 07 for foreclosure of mortgage . . . 207,(See MORTGAGE.) for partition of property . . 20S,(See PARTITION.) to determine claims to real property . 211 demand for relief in complaint . . 212, et seq.,(See RELIEF, DEMAND FOR.) verification of complaint . . . 218, et seq.,(See VERIFICATION.) supplemental complaint . . . 224, et seq.,(See SUPPLEMENTAL COMPLAINT.) CONDITION PRECEDENT,,change made by the Code in pleading . . 162 if performance not denied in answer no proof necessary 162 averment of presentment and demand in an action on,promissory note . . . . . 163 how alleged in answer . 209 CONSIDERATION,,complaint on contract must aver consideration, when 137 must appear from [instrument itself or be expressly,stated . . . . 137-139 must be legally sufficient . 137, 138 must be averred whenever proof of it is necessary . 139 moral obligation sufficient consideration . . 138 instruments importing a consideration . . 138 in actions on such instruments no consideration need,be alleged . . . . 139, 190 otherwise, if instrument on its face do not disclose a,consideration . . . 139 complaint on sealed instrument need not aver a con-,sideration . . . 140 pleading performance of consideration . 162 want of, whether necessary to be alleged in answer, 237 CONSTRUCTION OF PLEADING. (See PLEA and PLEADING. ) 542
definition of by the Code .297 what is a counterclaim . . 98-300 remarks of commissioners of the Code 299,300 set-off, what constituted before the Code 301, 302 what claims may be set off by the Code . 302, 308 matters in recoupment of damages 302,303 may be pleaded under the Code .311 nature of, and when and how pleaded . 304 must be connected with subject of the action 305, 306 other subjects of cross action and for specific relief . 307 what matters may be pleaded as counterclaims 307, 308 matter which might have been heretofore the subject,of a cross bill in equity 309,310 counterclaim, how stated . . 310 is substantially in the nature of new action 311 if defence is founded on a written instrument 311 on several written instruments or claims . 311,312 nature and extent of set-off should be clearly and dis-,tinctly stated . . . .313 whether may be pleaded, if it accrued after suit,brought . . . 332 if not, pleading may be corrected . . 314 counterclaim must be replied to by plaintiff . 338, t seq.,(See REPLY.) 'demurrer to counterclaim . . . 413, et seq.,(See DEMURRER.),D. DEFECTIVE PLEADING. (See PLEA and PLEADING.) DEMURRER,,definition, general nature and use of demurrer 362-371 to declaration under former system . 33, 362 to bill in equity for want of parties . . 90 for defective statement of title of complaiaint, de-,murrer will not lie . 131 nor if complaint state good cause of action and some-,thing more . 198, 400, 401, 408 nor for not numbering separate causes of action, &c. . 479 nor to pleadings not plainly written . . . 479 nor for abbreviations of Latin words . 283, 408 nor if pleading be not subscribed by party . . 47S nor in any case of a mere informal statement 36-1, 408, 488 or mere form of expression . . . 401, 40 several causes of demurrer may be assigned . 365 demurrer is a pleading created by the Code . 366 may be to entire complaint or to any cause of action,therein . . . 367 must not be too broad .. 367,543 INDEX.
judgment on demurrer will be given against the party,committing the first error . 367 application of this rule to the Code . 368, 369 cannot demur and answer to same cause of action 369, 370-439 but defendants who sever in their defences may . 370 will not lie to part of entire defence . 33r, 400, 408 cannot be used to irrelevant or impertinent matter 176, 284,,371, 400, 408, 440 544,INDEX. causes of demurrer defined by the Code . 372 for want of jurisdiction . 372, et seq.,(See JURISDICTION.) that plaintiff has not legal capacity to sue .381 if it appear on the face of complaint may be de-,murred to 381 or if plaintiff show no title to the character in which,he sues 382 that another action is pending 382, 383 that there is a defect of parties .383 must be taken advantage of by demurrer or answer . 384 for misjoinder or non-joinder of defendants 106 384 should point out who are the proper parties . 384 but not if it does not appear from the complaint who,are the proper parties . 385 course of plaintiff on demurrer for want of parties . 95 parties may be brought in on the hearing . . 385 but not mere formal parties . . 386 that several causes of action have been improperly united . . 116,389, et seq. multifariousness and duplicity subject of de-,murrer . . .193,389-393,(See MULTIFARIOUSNESS.) when the complaint unites dissimilar causes of action 391 improper union of causes of action specified by the,Code . 195,395 either defendant may demur to a joint claim im-,properly joined against two . . 393 or if the cause of action does not affect all the parties ·,to the suit . 393 or if causes of action be joined which require different,places of trial . . .394 demurrer for not separating cause of action or de-,fence . . . 124, 195-198, 394-397, 407 whether in such case demurrer is authorized by the,Code . . . 395-397,407 that the complaint does not state facts sufficient to,constitute cause of action . 397-403 in what cases demurrer will lie for this cause,204,208, 397,398 (See ColPLAINT.)
DEMURRER, Continued.,if complaint show cause of action barred by statute of,limitations 161, 398, 399 or discharged, or defendant an infant, and no new pro-,mise . . 161 omission to state time and place not demurrable,,when 167, 199,488 to hypothetical pleading . 202 to conclusion of law . 201 to supplemental complaint, when proper 227,228 demurrer proper, in most cases where it might have,been taken to bill in equity for defect in substance . 402 exceptions to this rule . .401 want of interest in subject matter of suit good cause of,demurrer . 402 or if title alleged to be in the alternative 402 or if the plaintiff does not show himself entitled , the,relief claimed 403 may be to each of several causes of action 400 demurrer to answer and reply 404, 405 for insufficiency of reply or answer . 405 what constitutes insufficiency 405, 406, 407,(See SUFFICIENCY.) demurrer to inconsistent defences . . 287, 288 defence amounting to the general issue not demurra-,ble . . .. 278,488 to reply inconsistent with complaint . . 351,352 demurrer to denial in answer whether allowed by the,Code . 409, 410 to denial in the reply . . 411 if the denial is not to each material allegation 241,347, 410, 486 demurrer to new matter in answer or reply . . 411 will not lie to matters in mitigation of damages 411, 412 nor to anything short of an entire defence, 411,483 except recoupment of damages or set off 412,414, 415 will lie if answer assumes to answer the whole cause,of action, but is a defence to only a part . . 412 demurrer to counterclaim . 413 will lie for insufficiency . . . . . 413 if counterclaim is not connected with subject of the action, 414 or does not arise out of the contract or transaction on which suit is brought . . . 414, 415 grounds of demurrer, how stated . . 415, ct seq. provisions of the Code on this subject . 415, 416 demurrer, how treated, if grounds thereof not stated 416, 417 whether grounds of demurrer may be stated generally,in the language of the Code . . 417-422 particular grounds of demurrer should be specified 419-421 cases in which general specification proper . . 421 consequrner )' not pointing out grounds of demurrer 422,545
DEMURPER, Conti'nued.,demurrer waived by answer (See WAIVER.) 428 if not frivolous may be withdrawn . . 423,(See DEMURRER FRIVOLOUS.) and answer allowed on payment of costs . . 424 general rules as to when demurrer is proper and allow-,able . . 425-4 demurrer admits only facts well pleaded and relevant 443 joinder in demurrer no longer necessary 487 DEMURRER FRIVOLOUS,,judgment on, absolute . 428, 424 on overruling, answer allowed when .424-431 provisions of the Code for judgment on frivolous de-,murrer . . 430 what is a frivolous demurrer . . 430-434 if party demur when objection should be taken by,motion . 432 not because demurrer and answer is interposed to same,cause of action . 433 motion for judgment may be made before time to amend,expires . 434 should be made in county where issue is triable 463,E. EFFECT OF PLEADINGS.-(Se PLEA AND PLEADINGS.) EQUITY,,origin of jurisdiction and pleadings in . .25-29,(Sec PLEA AND PLEADING.) object of pleading in . . . 37 union of causes of action, equitable and legal . . 39,49 whether rules of pleading are the same 43-50, 60-69, 136 equitable defence to legal cause of actin . 42, 279, 280 abolition of distinction between law and equity . 3-51 rule in, as to parties . .. 94,(See PARTIES.) as to the joinder of actions,(See JOINDER OF AcTIONs.) complaint in cases of equitable jurisdiction 173, 2 correction of pleadings in rule as to redundant and impertinent vmatter,(See IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTElI.) amendments how allowed in EXECUTORS \ND ADMINISTRATORS,,when may loin or be joined with surviving joint coi,tractor . can sue only in certain cases not in actions concerning the realty nor on · nants running with tiut land when T' j made defendants,127, 128 '03, et seq.,176 182, 1S3 491,496 1- . 96 109,100 100 101 110 546
EXECUTORS AND ADMINISTRATORS, Continued.,how to be described in title of complaint . . 132 in actions by, must aver interest and show title . 144,F. FRIVOLOUS ANSWER OR REPLY.,(See SnAM ANSEnRS AND DEFENCES.) FRIVOLOUS DEMURRER.,(See DEMURnER FBIVOLOUS.),G. GUARDIAN AD LITEI,,(See INFANT, IDIOT AND LUNATI(.) must show in complaint that he is guardian 173,H. HUSBAND AND WIFE,,how must appear in action .78-81 when may be joined . 74, 0, 81 when interest conflicts 74 in cases of divorce . . . when wife may sue alone . . . 80 in what cases must sue by next friend . . action against husband and wife, when may be joined,with action against wife, dum sol . 122 in action by on claim of wife before marriage must aver,marriage . 144, 145,1. IDIOTS AND LUNATICS,,how and when may be parties . 72, 96-98,(See APPEARANCE.) when must sue by committee . . . 75, 76 committee when proper and necessary party . 9, :19 lunatic defendant when may be party with committee 98, 99 committee may defend as guardian ad litc . 7(; lunacy cannot be given in evidence under a general,denial . 237 INFANT,,when and how to prosecute or defend .72-82,(See APPEARANCE.) no judgment can be taken against by default 77 guardian must be appointed before process c-¥ issue 77 no proceeding can be taken against till guardian ap-,pointed . . . . . . 78 infant may apply for guardian at any time before plain-,tiff applies . . . 88 contracting with adult not proper party defendant . 110 complaint by guardian of, must show appointment . 173 in actions against, comrplaint must sh-v infant's interest 173 and such allegations must bo proved . 173,0~~~~~~~~~~7
INFANT, Continued.,infancy must be alleged in answer, and cannot be given,in evidence under general denial . . . 237 INCONSISTENT ANSWER AND REPLY,,not countenanced by Code . . . . 284 what defences might be pleaded under former system 285 what, under equity, system . 285 rule as to under the Cod . 286, 287 how objection to be taken . .287, 288 INSOLVENT.,action on debt disharged . . . 159 new promise must be set up as cause of action 160 IRREGULARITY,,omission to state title of complaint . 130 or county where trial is to be had 130 or name of the court . . 130 remedy for such defect by motion .130, 131 omission to claim relief an irregularity 212 omission to verify pleading 212 o.a *, vcr 'al'na "D defecti;ve 212 ,Lec a~de before plj;Lntiff'r atto.i y . 223 practc' in such ases . . 212 omission to subse(Ji.. pleading an irreguilty but pleading cannot be treated as a nullity . . 418 if not plainly written and numbered, irregular when 479 when may be corrected on motion . .479 IRRELEVANT ANSWER OR REPLY,,(See Sl11A AlnswEs AND DEFENCES.) IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER,,surplusage in its general sense, what . 174, 177 in pleadings at law . 174 mode of correction . . 174 in pleadings in equity 175 scandal and impertinence . . 175, 178 relevant matter is not scandalous . . 178 what constitutes redundant and irrelative matter, 176, 177-183 good pleading not vitiated by . . 176-185 but motion may be made to strike out redundant matter 185 not every unnecessary expression redundant 176, 177,184 party must be aggrieved thereby . . 177, 184 whether facts going to aggravate or mitigate damages,may be treated as redundant . 179, 180, 191 implied or consequential damages, redundant when 191 motion to strike out analogous to a demurrer . SO and to exceptions for impertinence . 180 test of redundancy . . 180,181 rule to test whether matter is impertinent . 181
mere matters of evidence redundant 182, 183 rule as respects equitable cause of action . 182, 183 moving party must specify redundant matter 184 whether complaint may set out facts showing right of arrest .. 180, 187, 188 such allegations not constitutive of eausm of action 188 and will be struck out on motion immaterial matter does not make a pleading bad for,duplicity . 194, 198 motion to strike out such matter 198, 371 irrelevant and redundant matter in answer 281 what constitutes such matter 281, 282 when may be struck out .282 the same defence set up in different forms 283 in partition suit that plaintiff refused to make parti-,tion, irrelevant matter of defence . 283 irrelevant matter in reply 348 rule as to more liberal than in regard to complaint 348 defendant bhould be able on such motion to show how,he will be aggrieved . 349 if bad cause of action be united with a good one, it may,be struck out 400 general rules as to striking out irrelevant and iedun-,dant matter .425, 426, 427, 428 if notice of motion given party should not amend with-,out paying costs 5. 00,(See AMENDMENT.) ISSUE,,in actions at law under former system . . 23 general issue and what might be given in evidence,under it . . 234 definition; and nature of 436,437 issues of law and of fact 437 of law arise wholly on demurrer . 438 of fact on matter controverted by other side . 438 separate issues must be raised on each distinct cause,of action .. 440 cannot be taken on matter not constituting cause of,action 4::? ifust. be single .440 meaning of this rule . 441 defendant may set forth as imany defences as he has 441 issuz must be certain 441 what certainty is required in the issue 442 issue must be material .442-447 what is material issue . 443,444 immaterial issue, how disposed of . 445,INDEX.,549
good cause of action cannot ' . id der coumplaini,containing none issue how and where tried,( See TRIAL ., ' ) ...... when considered as joined an.-' ": ': :ly be noticed,for trial effect of Ainendment after notice substance of issue must be proved cannot be joined on two affirmatives or two negatives meaning of this rule application to the Code,445,447 447-463 1 453, 499 453, 454,527 * 484 484 485 J. JOINDER OF PARTIES. (See PARTIED, DE.MURRER.),ofplaintiffs . .. 86-96 of defendants . 103-117 in cases of joint and several contract . 109, 110 surviving partner and representatives of deceased,partner . . . . . 109, 110 in actions to recover real or personal property 113, 114 cestui que trust need not be joined with trustee, when 114 creditors when to be joined as parties . . 108 mnisjoinder of parties, how objected to . 194 .JONDER OF ACTIONS. (See DEiUnRREt.),causes of action, legal and equitable 41, 416, 127, causes of action united must af'cct all the parties 11, provisions of Code, respecting effect of amendment of Code . . 119, rule under former practice classification of actions by the Code what actions may not be joined 121, must all exist in the same right malicious indictment may be joined Tith slander 122, any claims for injury to absolute or relative rights may,be joined . and on every species of contract must not require different places of trial must be separately stated,(See DElM.R;ERn, COMPLAINT.) in cases of slander of trespass to real estate single cause of action cannot be severed same claim not to be repeated in complaint in respect to the joinder of equitable causes of action causes of action of same nature may be joined against,the same parties claim against executor for legacy and for individual,debt cannot be joined,128 123 11U 120 121 121 122 122 123 123 123 124 124 124 12r- 125 126 127 194 195 550,INDEX.
JUDGMENT,,of court of limited jurisdiction, how pleaded . 163 change made by the Code in this respect . 163 if allegation be not controverted, no proof required . 164 how set forth in answer . . . . 269 judgment may be applied for in any county in district,,or in adjoining county . 460 on failure to answer is a trial . . 460,(S,_ee TRIAL OF ISSUE.) where answer admits part of claim, judgment may be,rendered for part so admitted .471, 47 defective judgment cannot be aided by amendment 513 judgment rendered on demurrer for defect of form,,cannot be pleaded in bar . 515 JURISDICTION,,want of fatal to sut . . 372, 373 complaint must state case within the jurisdiction of,the court . .. 373 otherwise demurrer would lie . 374 cases in which demurrer will lie by the Code 374, el seq. in eases of trespass to lands . . 376 jurisdiction presumed in a Superior Court . 376, 377 but not in a court of limited jurisdiction 376, 377 jurisdiction of the person of defendant . . 377 of parties not within the jurisdiction of the court . 378 jurisdiction of subject matter and person, how ac-,quired . . . 378, 379 absentee defendant in action for divorce * 380 not necessary in such action for complaint to show jurisdiction . . .. 380 nor that adultery was committedwithout connivance, &c. 380,381,L. LIBEL AND SLANDER,,rule of pleading in, altered by the Code . 16-1, 165 not necessary to allege extrinsic facts . . 164 must aver the meaning of the words when . ]64 sufficiency of complaint in action for . . . 15 motives and intent of defendant when to be alleged . 165 inuendo not traversable . 166 but matter of inducement may be traversed . . 166 not necessary to aver express malice, or want of pro-,bable cause . . . 166 complaint defective when . . 166 precise words used must be set forth . . 166 words not alleged, are not admissible in evidence 167 time and place not material . * 167 words may be charged on divers days and times 167
defendant cannot plead hypothetically 202 but may justify and allege mitigating circumstances . 264 nature of change affected by Code in pleading on part,of defendant .. 26.- what answer setting up justification must contain 261 requisites of answer generally 265, 266 whether bad character may be given in evidence under,general denial .. . 266, 26" pleading defence of privilege. . . 268 whether express malice must be alleged in complaint,,or is traversable . . .268, 269, 484 LIMITATION, STATUTE OF,,action on debt discharged by . . 160 whether new promise creates new liability . 160, 161 new promise should be alleged as the ground of action 16) and that it is in writing, &e. . . . 16) otherwise subject of demurrer . . . 161 but old demand may be set forth if it does not on its,face appear barred . . . 161,190 construction of section 74 of the Code . . 161 if demand appear barred, facts enough to show cause,of action should'be alleged . . 190 whether a reply is necessary to answer setting up sta-,tute of limitations . . . 34 new promise set up in reply, when . . 344 amendment to set up statute hot allowed . . 494 but to save the statute allowable 494, 495,M. MARRIED WOMEN, (See HUSBAND AND WIFE.),when may be joined as party, and when may sue or be,sued alone . .. 72-SL in general, husband and wife ought to join . 74 but not where suit is for separate property . 74-81 if husband be abroad, banished, &c., wife may sue 71S rule when husband cannot be joined . . 8) in what cases next friend necessary . 79, contracting with adult not proper party defendant 11 ) but proper party in action to foreclose a mortgage 11' MATERIAL ALLEGATIONS,,(See IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.) MOTION TO .CORRECT PLEADING,,in case 6f defences containing several causes of, action 29 if place, time, quantity, c., .is not sufficiently ·stated . . 199, 200 552,INDEX.
MOTION TO CORRECT PLEADING, Co-ninued.,in case of set-off not properly stated . 313, 314 by striking out irrelevant and redundant matter,185, 180, 182, 183, 188, 198: 282, 348, 371, 400 (See DEMURRER, IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.) moving party must specify objection 184 on motion to correct reply, should show how he is ag-,grieved . .. 349 general rules as to motions to strike out and correct,pleadings . . . . 425, 426, 427 ambiguous and unintelligible pleading corrected . 517 evasive pleading, and defective denial corrected . 517 uncertainty in pleading corrected . . . 518 motion to correct pleading not plainly written 479 MOTION TO STRIKE OUT,,(See IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.) MORTGAGE,,parties to action for foreclosure of . . 115, 116,(See TITLE PARTIES.) executor of mortgagor not proper party defendant ". 116 party in interest is the heir . . . 116 complaint on what to contain . . . 207 must state whether proceedings have been had for,recovery of debt . . . 207 and show return of execution unsatisfied . . 207 remedy at law must be exhausted . . . 208 plaintiff may have judgment on bond, and for fore-,closure in same action . 208 MULTIFARIOUSNESS,,what constitutes in a pleading . 193, 389 rule in former practice in equity . . 193 misjoinder of oauses of action and parties . 194, 391,(See PARTIES AND JOINDER OF ACTIONS.) good cause of action joined with bad not multifa-,rious . 194 how objection to be taken . . . . 194 separate statement of cause of action, or defence 194, et seq.,See COMPLAINT, DEMURRER.),0. OBJECTION TO PLEADING, HOW TAKEN,,(See MOTION TO CORRECT PLEADING, IRRELEVANT,AND REDUNDANT MATTER, DEMURRER, ANSWER.) OBJECTION, WHEN WAIVED,,{See WAIVER.) 36
ORIGINAL WRIT,,origin and history of. . . 24, 26,P. PARTIES. (See MARRIED WOMEN, INFANTS, IDIOTS and,LUNATICS.),general change made by the Code in respect to 70, 71 appearance of . . . 72-S i,(See APPEARANCE.) under former system, married women and infants, &e. 72, 77 same under the Code . 78-81 husband and wife, when may join . . 74, 0S, Sl idiots and lunatics when .may join with commit-,tee . . 75, 76,98, 99 cestui que trust when may join with trustee 76, 99, 100 real party in interest must be plaintiff 3. in cases of demand assigned . .82,(See ASSIGNSMENT.) substitution of parties plaintiff . 84 in what cases may be allowed .85 party claiming must show primafacie right 86 joinder of plaintiffs who may be . 86-96 provisions of the Code, in respect to . 86, S7 remarks of commissioners of the Code 88 all persons in interest must be parties . S8, 89, 91 joint or common interest . . . . 91 persons having a joint and common interest . 90 parties plaintiff when may and when must join . 90, 91 when parties having a common interest cannot join . 92 parties having distinct claims cannot join for separate,relief . . . . . 93 but may where one general right is claimed . 93 party having no interest cannot be joined . . 93, 94 if consent of party cannot be obtained, he may be,made defendant . .94 objection for want of proper parties at the hearing,,&c. ... . . 385, 386 executor and administrator when may join or be joined,with surviving joint contractors . 96, 109,(See EXECUTOR AND ADMINISTRATOR.) in cases of trusteeshir . .. 96-98 when factor or agent may sue in his own name . 96, 97 persons expressly authorized by statute . 101,102 public officers, commissioners highways, &a. . 102 president of bank under general banking law 102, 103 parties defendant, general provision of the Code . 103 plaintiff cannot select whom he pleases as defendants 104 party in interest must be defendant . . 104 cause of action must exist against defendant . 105
PARTIES, Conlinued.,objection not taken in time is waived .105 rule as respects parties to bills and notes .106 on other written instruments . . 106, 107 joint and several liability . . 107 guarantee cannot be joinedwith maker 107 party acting ministerially cannot be defendant . 108 assignor of contract not proper party . 108 co-partner and co-tenant when may be sued . 109 surviving partner and representative of deceased par- ner . . .. 109,110 defendants when separately liable . 110 in cases of infants and married women . 110 who defendants in actions for wrong 111 all or any of the parties may be sued . 111 but not for verbal slander or on penal statute . 11 defendants in actions to recover personal property . 112 in actions to recover real property . 113 landlord cannot be joined as defendant with tenant in,possession . . . 114 persons occupying land in severalty cannot be joined 114 in actions to foreclose mortgage 115 proper and necessary parties, who . 115, 116 all parties having interest in equity of redemption,should be made defendants . . 116 in action for partition of lands . .116 creditors by judgment, &c., and persons having liens,,when proper parties . . . 116 persons entitled to dower . 117 tenants in common must all be parties .117 hut not person who has parted with his title 117 cause of action must affect all the parties . 123, 124 defect of, cannot be given in evidence unless pleaded 264 wihen parties are numerous one may bring suit for the,benefit of the rest 386 eases in illustration of tae rule .386, 387, 388 persons out of jurisdiction need not b3 party, when 388 PARTITION,,parties to action of . . 116, 117,(See TITLE PARTIES.) owners unknown . 133 plaintiff's title to premises may now be litigated 117, 210 rule in has been altered by the Code . . 11, 210 complaint in action for . . 208 what it is required to contain by statute . . 209 whether verification necessary under the Code . 209 action cannot be sustained, if premises are held ad-,versely . . . 210 whether plaintiff may set forth in detail his title in his,complaint. . . 210,555
PARTITION, Continued.,Irrelevant matter in answer . . 283 another action pending must be set forth by answer,,and objection cannot be raised on motion .382 PLEA AND PLEADING,,(See COMPLAINT, ANSWER, REPLY, DEMURRER.) of pleading in general . . . 21, 92 at law and in equity . . . . 21, 22, 203 origin and history of. . . . . 22-31 pleading formerly oral . . . . 23 growth and perfection of under former system . 24 origin of pleading in chancery . . . 25 general course of pleading in suits at law . . 33,34 in equity .. . 34, 35 general changes effected by the Coie . . 36-51 legal and equitable causes of action . . 40-51,60-69 abolition of distinction between pleading at law and in,equity . . . 45-51 rules to determine sufficiency of pleading . . 52-69 general provisions of the Code . 53, 54 forms of pleading abolished . . . .54, 134 former rules of pleading, how far applicable,58-69, 135, 136, 192, 198 whether same rules are applicable to determine law,and equity pleadings . 60-69 criterion to test sufficiency of . 63 rule in equity . . . . .65, 134 rules of as respect parties . . 2-117,(See PXRTIES.) as respects joinder of actions . . 118-128,(See JOINDER OF ACTIONS.) declaration under old system . . . 129 what it was required to contain . . 129, 134 of the complaint, and what it must contain 129-228 (See COMPLAINT, TITLE OF COMPLAINT, RELIEF DE- MAND FOR, SUPPLEMENTAL COMPLAINT, &C.) pleading must not be double . . . . 193 meaning of this rule . . . 193,(See TITLE MULTIFARIOUSNESS.) must be material, single, and certain . 199, et seq. ambiguous or doubtful pleading, how corrected . 200 pleading must not be hypothetical . . 201, 202, 205,(See COMPLAINT, ANSWER, &o.) conclusions of law must not be pleaded 201, 205, 262, 263 nor matters of argument . . . 200, 262, 263 nor mere matters of evidence . . 182, 183 effect of pleading . 464-472 of not answering or denying material allegation,233,245, 464, 465
'LEA AND PLEADING, Continued.,whether facts, or the legal effect of facts must be,pleaded . 147, 148, 150-160,268,(See TITLE COMPLAINT.) meaning of the term controverted, as used by the Code,340, 341, 342 what is a departure in pleading . . . 349,(See REPLY.) material allegations not controverted are admitted 464, 465 rule confined to allegations of fact . .465 and not to averments of legal conclusions, or inten-,tion of parties . . 465,466 nor to the demand for relief . 466 nor matters of evidence, or other redundant or imma-,terial matter . 466,(See IRRELEVANT AND REDUNDANT MATTER.) what constitutes such immaterial matter . 467 whether on a defective denial, the allegations so de-,nied, are deemed admitted . 468, 469, 470 proper course for objecting party to pursue in such,case .. 470 effect of answer of one defendant on the rights of,another .. 471 defendant not answering is not bound by answer of co-,defendant. . 471 effect of partial answer to complaint . . 471 judgment may be rendered on part of claim admitted, 471,472 construction of pleadings . . . 472, et seq. equivocal pleading, how construed . . . 472 language should have reasonable intendment . . 473 will be construed to support proceedings when . 473 construction of pleading under the Code . 474 refers to language and terms of pleading . 474, 475 material allegation cannot be constructively supplied 475 construction to be liberal where language is ambiguous 476 and in whatever way the question is raised . . 476 pleading must be subscribed by party . . 478 consequence of not complying with this provision . 47S items of account, how pleaded . . . 479,(See ACCOUNT.) color in pleading . . . . . 481 meaning of rule and application to the Code 481, 482 pleading must be an answer to the whole of what is ad-,versely alleged . . . . 482, 483 traverse cannot be taken except upon matter alleged 483,or matter necessarily implied . . 483, 484 issue cannot be joined on two affirmatives or two ne-,gatives . . . . . . 484,(See ISSUE.)
PEA AND PLEA DING, Continued.,negative pregnant in pleading . . -- meaning of rule aid applieation- t the Codo,traverse must not be too larg,, or too. u'irrow meaning of, rulo and application to the Code joinder in demurriei, ;ilonger necessary teehnica' rules ps to demurreros abolished . - -,(See "DEMDhmiERn. defectiv-ipleading, how aided by pliading over .. . by presumption or intandment after verdict .'by the Code and provisions of statute,- 485,485 486 486,487 , , 487 * * 488 529, et seq.,529, 530 .30, 531 531, 532 P3ROMISE,,how promise formerly.wads pleaded . . 146 no distinction'boioWeur implied and express promise 146, 156 in a complaint for goods sold, hew pleaded under the,Cede . .. .. 146,158 facts, and not the implied promise, must be alleged,,146. 149, 157 (See CosBION COUNTS.) if promise be in writing need not be so averred or within the statute of frauds need not be alleged if not necessary to be proved implied'promise need not bo set out. but express promisia-sould be alleged promise supported by moral obligation ..,. (See CoNsrIErnATioN.) barred by statute or insolvent's discharge,(See LIn.sATaION S·ASTUTE OF, INSOLVENT.),R. SICEIVER, (See COMMITr EE AND RiCEIVERE.) RECOUIPMENT, (See COUNTERCLAIM.) RELIEF, DEMAND FOR,,legal and equitable . . .. will be administered in the same action ' 38, inconsistent cannot be.demanded 48, 49,'205, 2 may bo'claimed in the alternative 40, 50,2 nffirmatiTo relief may be demanded 42, specifi.c r equitable relief,(See PLEADINGS.) bill for relief mighrb have a two-fold aspect ( complaint in such cases discovery of evidence no part of .. judgcent of court determines . . order of arrest no part of relief demanded . - whether relief can be granted for matters not charged,147, 190 147, 190,157. .)57 . , 159- 159, 160 160-162,38, 40 40, 215 15, 216 05, 215 43, 279,67 35, 205,205 65, 68,188 188 j- - & f. s . -',I; ,,, .--
RELIEF, DEMAND FOR, Contined.,in the complaint . . . 203, 204 consequences of omission to claim relief 212 how demanded in action at law 212 in action to rccover specific, real, or personal property 213 in cases of equitable relief . . . 213 Q how demanded under the Code . 214,relief cannot exceed what is demanded in the co'm-,plaint .. . . 214 exceptin ease defendant answer . 214 plaintiff cannot recover greater sum than he claims 214 in cases of unliquidated damages, how relief should be,claimed .. 215 complaint may. be amended in amount of . 215 prayer for relief does not constitute any portion of,statement of facts .. 217 where plaintiff demands other or different relief from,what he is entitled to 217 course for defendantin such case 217 REPLY,,object of under the Code . 335 what a reply must contain . . . 336 immaterial allegation in answer need not be replied to 336 limited by Code to counterclaim set up in the answer 337,338 whether a reply to new matter not constituting a,eounterclaim is in any case allowable . 338, 339,340 whether such a reply is ever necessary . 340-344 when reply admits new matter to be true . 343 in what cases such admission should be made . 344 reply to counterclaim . 344 must deny each allegation . . . 344 consequence of failure to reply 345 if reply is omitted by mistake may be allowed by court,on terms . . . .. 346 denial by way of reply must be in proper form 347 should be same as denial by way of answer . . 347,(See ANSWER, DEMURRER.) new matter in the reply .. . 347 should be set forth same as new matter in,the answer 348 what evidence may be given under general or specific,denial in reply . . 34S irrelevant and redundant matter in the reply may be - truck out on motion . . 348,349,(See IRRELEVANT and REDUNDANT MATTER.) reply must hocbtnsigtent wit ooiaflauit- ' <' . 349 .-_: iiufist n;ofdepairt from matter of complaint . . 349,' but,may maintain and fortify complaint . .,.- ' 349,c-- ases in illustration of rule . . I , :'350, 351,. .. ,; .
REPLY, Continued.,objection to inconsistent reply, how taken 351, 52 reply may be to part of answer . . 353 but only where two or more distinct defences are set,up, and not to part of entire defence . 353 consequence of replying and domurriag to different,parts of entire defence .. 354 manner of stating new matter in the reply 354, 355 frivolous matters in may be struck out 355 new assignment . . 355 verification of the reply . 356 frivolous reply .. 357, et seq.,(See SUIAM ANSewERS AND DEFsNCES.) supplemental reply . . . 7, et seq.,(Seer SUPPLSM3ENTAL PLEADING.) REPLEADER,,what was at common law . 444 where issue was defective in form 445 how applicable to the Code . . 44 where a replcader was proper an amendment may now,be allowed . .. 446,447,S. SEPARATE STATEMENT. (See COMPLAINT, ANSWEI,,DEMURRER.),of cause of action in complaint . . 195, ct seq. of defence in answer . . 290, et seq. SET OFF. (See COUNTERCLAIM.) SHAM ANSWERS AND DEFENCES,,provisious of the Code in respect to . . 321 what is a sham answer or defence . . 321-323 what is a frivolous or irrelevant defence 322-328 how such answers to be treated . . . 324 when party may move for judgment on frivolous an-,swer . . . .326, 327 when answer will be struck out on motion . . 327 striking out false or sham answer . 324, 325 judgment on frivolous reply . . 357 what is a frivolous reply . . . 358 sham and irrelevant reply . . . 358, 359 what constitutes such reply . . 359 when and on what terms will be struck out 359, 427 if answer of defendaut contain no denial of complaint,,bat only a case for adjudication of equities between himself and a co-defendaut it will be struck out on motion . . . . . . 471 or judgment rendered as on a frivolous defence . 471,i/
SLANDER,,aotions for, will not lie against two or moro . 11 action for, may be joined with malicious proseoution 122, 123 different causes of action in, must be separately stated 124,(See COMPLAINT.) pleading in eases of . 164-167,(Sec LIBEL AND SLANDMR.) STATUTE,,private statute, how pleaded . 163 SUFFICIENCY OF PLEADING, (See PLEA AND PLEADINO, COMPLAINT, ANSWER, REPLY, DEnMURRER.),of facts stated in the complaint 172, 398 in an action between partners .172 when answer insuficient 288, 405, 406, 425 when reply insufficient, and how treated 351-353, 405, 406 objection for insufficiency, how taken . 28, 88 inconsistent answer insufficient . 287 reply inconsistent with complaint is insufficient . 352 sufficiency of counterclaim . 43, 414 irrelevant pleading is insufficient . . 426, 427 rules to determine sufficiency of pleading . 52, et seq.,(See PLIEA AND PLEADING:) construction of pleading, rules for . 474, et seq. evasive pleading insufficient . 517 answer setting up account, sufficient when . 479, 480 sufficiency of pleading on a written instrument 481,(See WRITTEN INSTRUMIENT, COBIPLAINT, &C.) SUPPLEMENTAL PLEADING,,supplemental comlaint . . 224, et seq. bill of complaint, when allowed in equity 224 to present matters which could not ba introduced by,amendment .. 225 matters which arose since the commencement of the,suit . . . 225 to add parties 225 same rules apply under the Code . 225 what matters may be .properly introduced by amend-,ment . . . . 226 whether supplemental complaint allowed after judg-,ment . . 227 in case of death, marriage, or disability, or transfer of,interest . . . 227 what supplemental complaint should state . . 227 - facts should be material to the controversy 227 supplemental .omplaint cannot sustain a defective,complaint . . . . . 228 but it may set up new facts, and claim other and more,extensive relief . . . . 228,561
SUPPLEMENTAL PLEADING, Continlud.,can be allowed only on motion 228 . splemcntal answer . 328, et seq. when allowed under former practice in equity . 329 when in actions at law . . 330 pr.atioe,- how modified by the Code 330, 33 supplemental answer, how pleaded . . 331 matter of, must occur after former pleading . 332 whether set-off accruing after suit commenced may be,interposed by way of supplemental answer 332 must be material to a defence . . 333 but need not constitute an eutire defence 333 difference between supplemental and amended answer 334 not a matter of right, but of discretion . . 334 supplemental answer requires a reply . . 345 supplerdntal reply, when and in what cases allowed 360 facts must be such as occurred after former reply was,put in . .360 practice thereon . . 360, 361 SURPLUSAGE, (See InRELEVANT AsD REDUNDANT MATTER.),T. TITLE OF COMPLAINT,,complaint must contain title of action . . 130 omission to state not ground of demv.rre; . 131 is an irregularity to be corrected on motion . 131 of the names of the parties . . .131 sufficient if stated in the body of the complaint . 131 of the county where the trial is desired . 131 in case of court of limited jurisdiction . 131 of the name of the court .131 christian and surname of parties mudt be stated . 132 names of partners in full, and not name of firm 132, 145' parties suing in a particular character . 132 where plaintiff does not know defendant's name 132, 153 TRIAL OF ISSUE,,trial definition of by the Code . 447,460 kinds of trial provided for by the Code 447, 449 how issue must be tried . .449, 451 issue of law to be first tried . . . 448 whether Code provides a uniformity in mode of trial, 449-453 when trial must be by jury . . .451,452 when by coart or by referees . 451, 452, 453 when cause may be noticed for trial . .. . 453 issue where tried . . . . .. 454 rule at common law . . 454 provisions of the Code in respect .to . . 455, 456
TTIAL OiF ySSUE, Continlecd.,power of court to change place of trial, originally in-,cident to its general jurisdiction .. 456 provisions of Revised Statutes and Judiciary act in,relation to .457 whether abrogated by the Code .457, 458, 459 whether court may order issue of law to be tried out,of tho county . . . 459 judgment on failure to answer a trial . 460,463 and may be bad on application in any county of- dis- trict, or in adjoining county . . 460 what is a trial of issue . . 461 examination of issue of law, as well as of fact . 461 whether issue. of law may be tried out of the county,where venue is laid . 462,463 should be tried in the county where issue is triable . 463 and so also application for judgment on frivolous de-,murrer . . . . . 43 what facts deemed admitted on the trial ' 466-472,(See PLEA AND PLEADINGS.),V. VARIANCES, (Sec AariNnDENET.),between pleading and proof disregarded by statute . 494 failure to prove material fact, not case of variance . 510 provision of the Code in respect to . 519, 520 what constitutes a case of variance . 520, 521, 522 material variances . . . 522 court must be satisfied that party has been misled 522, 523 difference in respect to between statute and Code 523 if not a case of variance, amendment allowed when 524 immaterial variances. . - 524, 525 what constitutes . . . . 525 rule strictly enforced at common law . 26,5228 not properly applicable under Code . . 527, 528 sufficient if substance of issue proved . . 527 variance disregarded, unless it has misled the party . 529 VENUE. (See TRIAL OP IsSUE.) VERIFICATION,,whether necessary to complaint in partition . 209 to complaint generally . . . 218, et seq. provisions of the Code in respect to . . 21 may be omitted, when . . .218 defective verification, how treated . 220, 221, 318,(See IRREGULARITY.) form and manner of verification . . . 221 mnust be made by party except in certain cases : . 221,563 INDEX.,.-..
V1BTICATION, G'timined.,iame of party must be subscribed . 221 s oipient to swar generally that complaint is true . 222 bht not according to knowledge and belief . 222 onb, of several paretes. acquainted wi th te facts may ,verify complaint . . 222 bat afidavit should show that he has mkowledge of the,facts . 22, 318 when made by agent or attorney, must show what 223 may b, mado by guamdian of infant . . 223 must not be made before plaintiff's attorney . 223 verification no part of the pleading . 220 but copy of must be isrved with the pleading . 221 a nullity if venue be omitted . .22: in what other cases defective verification may be treated,as a nullity ., . . 220,221 form and manner of verification of answer . . 314 defendant privileged from verifying, when 315-318 form of answer if defendant privileged from verifying 317, 318 def-,ant ma4y verify answer if complaint is not verified 318 hv .iA, in case of separate answers, 318, 319 co.,L., no!o ... ' efective verification 318,1 7-.!.'· *;.. 3eply . 356, 357,W. ived by answer . 423 ' i0o of another action pending is waived by .,, ct to demur or answer . . 3S2, 428 or objection that there is a defect of parties 883, 428 or that causes of action are improperly united 389, 428 or that plaintiff has not legal cars ity to sue 382, 428 but not want of jurisdiction . . 377,429 or that complaint does not state sufficient facts 397, 429 WARRANTY. (See COMPLAINT.),pleading in action for breach of . . 171 WRITTEN INSTRUMENT,,copy of when sufficient complaint or answer . 142, 143,(See BILLS OF EXCHANGE AND NOTES.) what averments required . . 143,144 in case of assignment . 143, 144 in action on, promise need not be alleged to be in,writing . . . 147, 190 instruments other than payment of money . . 167 how.cause of action and breach must be set forth . 167 may be according to legal effect . . 167 only so nrch as constitutes engagement need be,stated . . . .. . 16'7
VBITTEN INSTRUMENT, Conlinctc.,assigrnment of breaches, how required by statute 168 vell assigned by negativing words of condition 68 or according to the substance, but not the letter . c 16 what suficient assgnment of breach generally 168, 169 when aided after verdict . 169 complaint on unnecessary to allege that defendant was of full age .. 189 not necessary to be set forth in Ahc verb . 204 defence founded on, bow stated . 311,312,ts /. ',** , ˆˆ ./
ERRATA. On page 24, line 21, for the word "form" read '; from. Page 86, line 16, for aeourt" read "code." Page 88, line 20, for word " reorganized" read "reeognized." Page 97 line 2, for word " consideration" read " consultation. Page 99, line 10, for word " case" read ' bill." Page 113, line 13, for word "much" read "now." Page ] 7, line 22, for 100," read ' 160." Page 329, line 8, for word " their read " these." Same page, lines 17 and 18, for word "prevent"' read" present." Same page. after word " set" irnseit word "it." Page 333, line 4, after word " set" insert v'ord " off." Same page. read " Radley" for : Rudley." Page 339, line 7, for " causes" read " casea." Page 342, line 6, for 1" discharged" reart " discharge." Page 35', line 8, for " in" read" on " Page 352, line 11, for 1"complaint" read compliance." Same page, in line 22, read "Fabricotti v. Launitz." Page 353, line 13, after words " reply may be" add word" to." Page 356, line 1, in place of " report" read ' set forth." Page 360, line 2.5, 'or " Brali' read " Beales." Same page, line 2, for "345," read "332, 333."
I1 ''T'TLE & 'O)?PAN'Y, 1, Il, LE 0* ' 'A. AW IOOKSELLERS AND I' TPUBLIS.ERS,,3 STATE STREET, ALBANY, 'iivito tile a.ttnltilo of the Legal ProficsBion to tlhir oxtensive Stock of,,LAW BOOKS AN1) STATIONERY..,- Pea Siale oen ]LibiI©jrai Ve ms. -. SFCK'S MEDICAL JURISPRUDENCE.-Elelments of Me]i;cal ':' Jrisprudoucce, by TuronDOUI RO.IBYN BECK, M.D., LL.D,, and JOIIN B. Br.c, M.D. : Tealt nEdition; greatly Enlarged and Improved. 2 vols, Tis to Mn.uh edition of Ihil Invalunble wori Is before us. Numeruc s and Important nddltloin will be jtxl in every cllpter. It contains eOO rapges more thtan tho edition of 1835. Nothing that wo could #ZAla Irn t sd to Ile Inlenla, ntdustry and hilh character of the dtinonguehed author of tlii great wuri, ijaldw dlo Bla world-wldo riClptntlon. In 1823 and 1885, two edlltona wvero publislcd in Albany, whcro lSeaithor rcnl!cs. In 1i38, on edition ans published In Philaodclplia; In 18&i5,18[i),lDO, 1130, anl8 1 542, 'iW.I of ithl wt)ric were publlobed In London, end In 127, an edillon rwa printed at Weimar, tho / itbhea of Ocrnany nnd the rtslaenco of WVeland, BchUlor nnd Goethel. The great estimatlon In whclh / A,{st 5ti; oS Drtr.l. i omoyn Boleeik re held in Europo and America, Is well deserved. liis wort ic in in sttloatnlf, lorae eoPplun and moro valuable, than aluy other worl; oer nu'"; hed on th subectcl. ITh' satsl edltion makc Its appearanco In n «tyle quito creditable to the pubeisher."--Amer. Laoe JoUmnalJ: ;*T..nhet Trea has habd an extended Bale, and is one of thi bet authorlite upon tih ac lee t of Medl'. l Jartespnrlunce ' It embrace nll ,liat Is really useftl either to theo phyicla or the l I yer.' Dnltrinl I a4ewcslei oeditions, the workic ha been onlarged, and a conlsderahio porilon of thie flfh Ameriten :toan wns wmre-wlitenl and ate notes of the Engillat Editora Dunla p and Dar nal, lnserted. Xt was lt t btlilItc.l In 1t83 nian from tht lime to the present there haiv been Eevea Engils h and siex Amenrioan ,fJosˆ"--farnn a re' al .Wai tlogravhAy. "''We are hanpy to anu,.onee the publication of lhe now lltiion (th e teuth) of rrofecsor T. R. and J. 1. Beks 3enieneats of Medlcal Jurlsprudence. It ia rdmilted to bj Iho most elaborato wcrk on thb ,ub. ,t il oaer language, nnd highly creditablo to our professlo nal iioraure. Thl preseat cditian hao been r} ,Ali.Frcvt'ed, and enlarged by numeroua and Imnortant nddliiois In every chapier,-..-iiz,-u,;ˆ;t , COMSTi[OCK0.S REPOl.TS of New-York Court of Appeals.-,4 vola These .Reports crnmae.,oe ivitil the organization of this Court-the highest, in the stt.te of Nwe-Yorl, under the new Constitution. They havo lhad a larger Bsae, not only in New-York, but iil other states, thau lny other State Rcport' phlbihe]d in the Union. CO(NKLING'S UNITED STATES ADMIRALTY.-The J$iS- *' dioeion, Law, Practice, Pleadingo. and Formsa of the Court of Admiralty of heo,United Statee. By tho don, Arllum CONI;LOn, United States Judlge of the Nortl- en: D.triet of MNw-York. 1 * * 0-"lIla -reatF'o s per.pltclously arrlanged,c fl, comnple oend accuralte. Thoelr u,cn j,;ltrcan, ntreatsa n uecc3icvo chaoptcer of the oxtent or thbo rdmiraily jourldlcctn ;--cnima ormateri al erK;-n;mIIe'lna.e' wage3;--coaracLt of nfireiglitircnt;-hotcemr a.nd rcpaondentia bonds ;-pllotnaoe -h;eW.:, o;~- ai-zementsa of consortship; - sur-y and ale of shipps; - dleijnit. beTwcen pY'rt o'r.cra -1i::r!.wr aud Il:Ltory aeuiL;--salvage;--collison ;- *:sasulte, beating, taf t impriUnornmct, & -j; ,i:a:Ern tz.d damage. Tilh second pnrl i on plractice: and t''a hli he most interesting nnd valiiab7l ta el thiB wiorL. li'ia tbhoroulo hly ds!cated, the tthortile e l collated, .rd the s ico of prctticea c!eharl 'ritl.> sade3 .o si3 ti, o afithor hioa.rie:Bard, w'dlt:n cb--.cr" a eri'D eflifct omnir rnld prceder . '.K'',- a i- k'5n t-.tr~ et,-ts. aIii- e nas theo rutilhor Eaya, wi!h the exceptio;n of precedecnits Ibr 1e libel !':, eir ?/er , no aueh coill:;Iet!or. petrintln to actions in tho .dminrillty hns hitherto cppearei in tCi -aii';y', cudI tht Elgsluh publlcatione hardly de.ce.-e the i;name."-Za: .rDC1,'t.:,A rSANTVOrORYD' S PLEADING, under the Codes.-A Trea- ' tioos on .the Prindiplel of Pielding in Civil Actions, under tho new Codo of .'" oeeCuro/in osnIvolure, c-Otavo. By GEonR: 'VAN 3o.iwoaonou, Counedlor at t'.tT. (Neanyl ready.)
Digest of to.L Couinmoa L:.v aned ChRnceTy Reports of tbio r t;ato of ic.'e.oS. from thleir cotmopeca!eineat to precesnt time, byi, :'cIS W. C;?. :cnr, r , Hon. Joni t.CyFi'cSE . ' iols. ":The tlineorly of the pro'cs:lG;I, La !h.3 quarrC concuró entirely rnd un:;nmnoiy, l a ri 'cca al:i-rj . in ltho fo!loionUr' uccoint of Mr. Clin!on's DI:ast. [hl i'i:l.d'iln ' It iuddcl Idl i3 dcciiona 1!! 'or's "'- mo'o becks of'RColpr of Clocll-on Iaiw C-ˆEs, .i;,! rome a9 vo!la-ne: oi Cnlcelry lerpory s i;: o [:, t: are contailned In tauy otiar Diest, yet rch i ;o i conidrinn'ton of i)o mcsttcr ti ht it wiil bo Icr: ;!;''. than any other ; bli'o it exhlibits moro ,c::l.; nnd li;!:!;:15y t;au rany tha'n hr.,a appcBKid, rend as ri. - any law'.'yer could dciro, overy dcaioiccantiLucd in li.n 1251 veolumc n fc!ir:ied. 'ibi lat accmpllic.i ;. r.voldint tiho rep elIlon of whole pa.ys cffr ho s rl3 iD !!!;l'ui rt ':'L, whlCihi co dlfiguri c the oether D1) .. and oo vexes the reader; and by onillinu, thl: vcrbo::3 aita!triernt of ihs ict eOs thel ccecs 'iblc; a::r alatemcnts rather obacuro than Jiestrate th e Donlt t or prluniplo lccidcd. ' Tho following notice of thil sivori laI foni'lle ;w m l eniur;a Ad 'eo'..itc-wcirtten by a gentUfcmn of (t pr'ofsIsloa fully qualified to judge of Its mrias, botl: actual cnl a conmpaialu : "' We announced thio nppearance of his new Digest a fwle days sine', but lid not ther. given t1 ituei. examlnation as warranted us in spealking ndvlsaely of Its eansnei . 'I'ho proBl3lou havo been Imptoeatarj wnltine for 1'a publlculoa, confident tlhat the author wonldl not jccpard Ihis high rcputetuloi In the prViav t!on of.tn inferIor work. It s. the only D!gest vhlclh compriscs nil :ho delslonlis, both at Lsw ald ia Equitv, of the Ecveral Coulrt of this State. In reapect to tlie 121 volumes of the Ifp orts noar plblirthe; It oecpires the eame relatlon which Jolrpson's n Digt did, tweaty-ais years go, to tie thirly-six volRaIj thea exitnt, and it Is in no respmet inferior to Ulat aleo vwork. A Coitial exonminatlon of ibl eopteant, 5 1 a practicl vr of tie work;, cnablo us to ca'y tlt, tIt many particule r, it Sa far supcrlor to' mos m ot !i predoeei.sor, and cannot fill to umeet the Just cxpectatlona of the legal professlon. "' 1It rc eoria cons:a: In randeirlablo lri luod arran'Remone in Its condansalion and iocdomdfromrem;ca cesyary repetition, In tho shll and judgment with hlich hlo 'very pith and marrow' of tho decita h exatctcdl, aX\d In the terse end pereptcuous stylo hi whiel ch c prlneplo ia stated. "' Some nmay think the preparaton of a Dligct to ba of easy acco pllmlineni by any Tyro In thoprt. lion, atd eo ll\would if nothing were uead but the eclesors ind the leportcr'as note. Beu ono elepin fromn a esrefllTand oiriginal exeautltton of the cases, giving the subhelaco of the easoes, giviag the st. stance of the decslon li a campact form, pervpleously arranged, is awork that requircsfor its Euc. nchlivemcnt na rare combination of talent, and no ordinary sEaro of legt eklll and acumeln. "' For such an undertaking the authorof the present Digest Is peculiarly qualifed. i lth anr mludie', loical anil decidedly analytleal, ho dlsccr ecacn cae' Into Its elementary sartn, deteclt tho nicelt ted;r d 'of distlcllon. and dlscriminatea hetween the oxtraneous remarkt and otbtu dtct ' oo oflen Indnl-, ih by nomo of oicr Jndgec, and thlie exaaot principle involved in the decislon. To tliero qnallflrations Le ae'i the patient Industry eo necesary to arrange and distribute, under appropriate headi, the nnumcroae ai multiform adJudlcations of our various Courts for mroe thian half a century. " Weo intended to notice scme of the Titles and their subdivislons which more particularly exhlb;lae admtrablo amranugemet, and Illustrato the excelence of the work, but our remnarks are already raulidenU extonded. The momrero of the 3ar'will purehaso It and know how to appreciate It r merits. ltisa honeat and Aucecsntid e fibrt to contribute eomething of vlne o ttho li/erature of a ueeal and honoeal profesaloe' "_-,lbaet ,atls Reister. The following is a lIst of tho volumes contalinig the dec!Llons of which thil work is a BiS,!:,Jeolnion's Cases, ................................................. 8vc.Um a Johnson's Buprem6'ConrS eport, ........................................ 20 J-Jchmon's Chtneery'.leporta, ............................. " Can ' Report,.......................................... . 8 " Cainoa' L ase in Error .......................... ..................... 2 " Cor-en's P p o3rl ,................................................ 9 Wended's Report, .......... .................... ................... . " Barour's upre Cot, Re.......pot ............ .... . Barbherbs Chancery Repaors.a, lDeoo tChaory Repo............................. ........................... Barbour's Bupreole Con% Ropor..................................... 8 , Brboa'r Chnancery Reports, ........... ................................. " noRins' Chuneory Report..... ... ...................................... 1 " Peig's Chancery BroHeOrla................ ..... ................... ..... 11 Bandfords auperlor (o-r RdporL ...................................... a0 " Comsntocl's Court of Appesa lse S ..................................... 4 HallPa Sunerlor Curt E ort,............................................ 2 Clarke' Vie-ehanCeey esnoi.,.................................. 1 * MHoltinnaT Vie-CChancsr.y elport,................... 1 Sandford's Vlce-Ohieory sepot,.................. ........... .......... 4 Bradfordl' Surrogate Bepors, ............................................. 1,11 " I-THAYDEN'S' NEW-YORK JUSTICE.-The Law and Praclico,of Justices of the Pence, in their liseollaneoua Duties and Jurisdiction; with 200 Forms: By lon. Casszaa HltDEs. , This work la na;proprlated to tlhe mscllUancous dutles of a JcrsmTc C7 Tnr PrACS; nnd Eecs ha commer.nd Itlf to that relass cf raplstratea n partlcolar, and In genicr. to oiall who destre an erlqu ;irtan' :Irth their ownr raatClone, ts IlaulIdilual and as clitens cf the towr in which they reaide, wlth thwo satst- tory provltlors wh!tˆrh p;iterlbo and repalato the duties and powers of Jrtlees; and the rightaand pltll. loa of itrlens.canrt town offlcrs, s connected with those powers end duties. Ths 'bran-sh of tho hu zladeses itstif most Iminedlately to the intPrest and Immunitica of every citizcu, In matters whieh a of doily occirrnce in hia town Mad lighbosrhood i and shouihl theroero be understood by ail. On taheeo uatIect., the wclrk la bellte'd to contain all tuhat a e.sentlal for thoe gildanco of theo mstgrtA end flr the (lalonmi.eat of Iho icquirims ns far at loss?, a authority I furmibhed lby Statu to iw. aM. legal declioer n And It Is not ita Icr-'.t point of vrie, bth t Itcoualn tasr ar two AUrr:rzed siSct!clarn srn.eir Lte Cr>&, Co:e1ly .lralt:cd to tho preset siao of the law, and to oeery eXlgenoy ihat ea i ess la that depcrtam.cl of a Jonsiter duty, to whlch they relato - . " ' -SELDEN'S REPORTS of New-York Court of Appeals.-Vol. I.,(nearly ves.dy), btair continuation of CIrasistoe's Rporte.
3 LAW'S UNITED) STATES COURTS.-The Juriadietion and,powert of the United otato. Courh and the BSiea of Prtieo. of the 8uprerri Court of tho United States, and of the Ciranit and Dtitrict Conrit in Equity and AJmiralty, with Notes and ltoforonees; and an Appendix, containing tie Orders of the Hghb Court ,if ChOncery of England in force in 1842, and the now Orders of the same Court of 1841, and the timuo and pihoe4 of holding the United States Conrt* By Srir't 1)V. LAW, Countsllor of the Supreme Court of the United ttatet. 8F pages. (Just publihed.) The following letters relating to thin work, reoeived May-June, 1852, will leat show its charact, and importance:- "I bve examineld the work wllh a good deal f ure. It la e very usefi one, well arranged and well e ia ud and wu mudh needed IU the pnllolion. For I have often haDl octeion to witnee the tinasnimmet and dlffiedItel experienced by profealonal geuiemenn, accustomed to practier In the Itae ttmr, ftra the want of some work giving them condensid and clear view of the Jortdtledon and tnoe of the (ourt' of theUn lnied SBate. Your book will remove that dllmiffly and cannot fall to be 'trll rnlvoed.'-let+r.°vnr MlJon. ItoIyger A 7nel , n1Jwof Jtoa qs ti«uprwme burs qtfU thi~Z Bsm$ a Hiaing looked through your work, we are of the opinion that It will be found a valuable oumpllalion ft tbe ambjeoi embraced. "It Ihlnide and urronge under approprlate heads the practice of the Courts of the United StRUa, and lhtr mntaer ceonected wllh the practee, which can be sonnd In no other wort; and we cannot doubt * it wUil be a useful appendag to the libmr7 of every Lswry."-lettet f wo m t A Aio n Jon r. MoiLean,,scwra tre7r, .Jta (enm, and JAAn f eoKdeii, AeIoot ao Juicu Qss Ith ~iuprmie (bwBt f /te I have realred yoear Tolume under the Buloe and Prnolee of the Courts of the United Slttes. I thank a tr It, and am pleaed that yor atitenion hau beon edlicd to the subjecL Oiuch a work was much walud. I do not douMbt hlt WIt ill e ct te notloe o ur profeloal brethren u lletmi tohem ard nim iO Jourbll."-o-JItere ,m <Ah Io Jomd. ImC JI 7m , Oe ons Ms Asdswo* Juw of am 9n- rour work on the Juraditlion and the Rule of Preaiceof the United BStates ourta ha been Mrooled yai xunned. I well know the labor and care which you have beitowed in Ite preparation, to make it aesate nd umefuld t the profwelon. My exanination of It authorliei me to expres the opinion that T.r dalba have been erorwne w ith sUcer.. ,A the ine of Juridlctton between die Natioa and 8tate,arm th terein cleary deined, and the rules of practioe In the Federal Courts careflly compiled, it will rve eoqully uaefhl to the practlloner In each. unch a work has long been needed. I ehorfully recom- mnod II to e atenUton of my proferalonal bretlren."-L-.er from on. R. JL. Gs. 0U, tte S tor q' l Trnary of Me UnitWe Iots. " Pleue accept my tha.ka for your excellent Treatito on the Jur~ldloUon uad Fowaer of the United a Oourte. " I nd, on perueing It, that you have made t careful oxaminatlon of the act of Congress and declilonl et Ihe UnlBi 81aute Coul relating to the toplIa embraced In the work, and the oumpllatm appearn to mae ercellnfly aeeurae, and oomprehenslve enough to anwer the putrpoe you had In view, ' B calnot tll to be aeooepable and Important to the prolelon, plao within their ready commnnd theprnlciple rnd rale of practle governing thoae Cour, and with which few of theo ar can make lbdrnevs IBmllar without ombarraaslnr researcnhe, to be made at the time the knowledge a ealled lib." *.-raifwoe Mstd SJL,.K & AteS, UnˆL4d XStagMdj e for M ,rtl4avn 1Jsrtct of .sc. York " ear exoellent work la wory the attention of each membea of the prodoo and should be tobad a every aw iibru.-LitrfrFwmn P m g o. Assdlro Ts J ~Wcw, Us. lt J~ro r gea 7Iridc f Oacrto~ut. " I have eamined, with eonsiderablo attention, your book on the' JurIsdiction sud Powers of the Unl- ted States Courts,' and am satisfied it Ie a % Jrk f great convtnleno to the professiou. I bringa together endl erratte approprlately, rnalteries hitherto widely sealtred and will frequently sa"o the practtlouner the very great labor of searching 'ug the ous Circuit Ciort und other Reporta, oa weUll s Bues and Acts of Congress. "The book will be found almost indispensable to th(ae practielng or preparing to practieo In the United ittles Cor, and lrtquently convenierl: for reference to thoie whoso prmactie I confined to the Suate Oouar-.--r grporn lon, Amrnu J; Prker, 3ne of tM, Ju~io of Wt Sueprmnoe Cur; of NeAet Yor:.,I have looked over with some care your work on the Jurisdiction, Powere, Pactce, & &, of the Court of vhe United State. " It contailn a tery Irge amount of u neful matter nerer before brought together, and the want of ome tch eomnurehenlve and omnplndlous guide ia the principl reason why a grat mjority of Amerlca Lawyer have not even atempted anything like naqualntance with the laws of the United $tatee Oo7ern- Blnt, and the mode of Rdmlnitetrlog tIhor. It canlot ftl! to be a very ntiU book to the proeasslon lit any prat of the UJnlonaA-Z~etrs E, L Bm:aedctdc , Ausw A ofvor s ScCdies Admiralty Prctoa. "I tia the Trfeitfcsioin, yesterday, at reoetivlg from you a eopy of yonr work ont the Jurladlction, haie, &, ,of the United 8tatUe Uoua, and return you my th ank fbr a gti which wl aflord a talrable aelaeon to my law libary. "I have alreay examined the work with some attentiuo, and am well atbfied thett twill prom of tt arid 1W prnctlrnnra In the Federal O ourhst"-LeUr fom the Son. S. SL OUlri P.S D2stric,to pst racutAC~gitAion rs " ILt printed on good paper, and the mechanolal part. a well am every other part, appers to b well ard aetrtUly executed. A work of the kind w'ae much needed by the promsfeoun and cunlderlng the tatre and fltanen of the comnplation, and the Judielout o.der and arrangemen: ortho different ublects, mu st frrm a eonveniet and useflt book of rolertloe, and prove a valuableo acquMUton both to the beclh sid the ber."-Litrfroit C. H on. Somni Jitw , U. WsLrct JSdgyt ,pr ermont.,teake pteuro In ralJng my ackwwledgne to yea far the very eccepiaole prcent of a oopy of '¶ Jmtalsdotn and Powers of the United taw aour "IrO tbe examini n If ave bee al to give l I arm ptneaded t I a to It m~ot ai to be of gre lu, tooolr tt o mt c, baeltoht the nAmlean barUenrsnly to whoee budiesm and IlOctO It is zalt'c , JAn Z o f Di-Jebr orp
ixTmo p*&,~, $eo i p on who hsave a t oot Wl ~ tet larh whih y ave b~ est 1 e* d ou the ase ad the ~. of w.eb o a orae~ul ret,Knowing orm tll epe~ ro of three yeu the e~ it e In whkh the Atb of CO.,oo moer Xmoet~ of Fodx1l Jldlnlont loxkod over your ooki wll mc h~ "As to Ie es$ atcwuray, I have not y hd time to Iso aon optino butof Its uaefulum and "vnloe thaot V hin {1 pr.o lt whats to h ia t aicr of v noat dub ofl the wUott.d tIll in *ladton to Jei wi tht a, Is z be oio Indexl, t 4u a pending threo the ordiam ofwh ohe Knt lireh y bourfd of (n te uiyoq tox the lth nk arid patr o lo enplaueos int r , om M ] . lu t ls vlw Atr &u*sr tv e L)(nnwo of now- SYut h "On looking over the work, I heiv it fille no te at h ad mo t artem olao but r la tu lu t ind ueol the ninos, I her to oevery prwhtul.r. Thi brlu loehy In thr F tou Imertac o th United d oW Int "fIMro titu a on JsItoo att bl n , In tha o nl y book, within my kn wledD t of ha ny. w . " Ymlr fiaor thf April reahed tm tl tit a oopy of oner re vT loo, work on theo iJursilton utid Poein wtth aItn t t lte o an addl mmtof riUnuedr, of yoD have avledyrl the tork, I dl1 Itile n th the mcet Ihaumble maater, ab d v oa l mt bo vnlmI bl "I hv f nof d out ot t t p l bet woda t uel deo e Im k a nasd e on ior ant r edl td t It Em L M, lion. Moat. t sas'v .ey, UI 7ed "tatr .UL hrd4t ed ge sbr Harnp/htae.~ ~ pri-ore to t nat wnordty a eonvenaiet W1t * noa book of retferr er the pr~tr In We F~n RULES OF THE COURTS.-Amendments to New-York Code,,Terms arid Circuit and other Law P amphlet published from time to tle, i a dsmllhto't, 4apbi hta Itbt been ettmnpted en t t& plte wIthl in, ttU«o I te t ae Jutn il yoe haov ovollod youaelf, tht Uhi workb, -o-In ta shU cue, miix b« Vetrtl more vlOnUIb&t " I ho»T no doubzSt vitt 'el ! aunl a wtUi a *nd Imtportant oddltloti to ie vow Ibrrwr."-Ldtbt un,the wants of the Profession Bcrm to require. SANDFORD'S REPORTS.-Reports of the New-York Superior,Court. 4 volt. SESSION LAWS OF NEW-YORK-from 1818 inclusive, to,1852 inclusive. PAIGE'S CHANCERY REPORTS. Vol. XL-This volume,* ompleteo Paige's Chancery Repoit WHITTAKER'S NEW-YORK PRACTICE, under the Code.-,Practice, and Pleading8 under the Coder, original and amended, with an Appendix of Formts-with additione, embodying in the text the whole of the ewhhangi effected by the Revised Rule. B ay HaET Wam'tr, Counsellor at Law. 88 pages. This work contains as completA an epitome of the Practice, as aettled upon tht revieion, as can be given either now or at any fature period, until further action of the Legislature. or of the Judiciary in 1854. MY uxaa Sin,,1 am, unexpectedly, pompelled to be absent onm the Unlitd Stae aw a onple of mo.th, wiebk the more rnew, a u preven~t mo from taking active part In the publcadion and elrulr~lon of yor new book or p-wtie s ulner the present aode. Having examned It thoroghly, whils It was in the rce of coinplioen, I can speak undeatanrdligly of Its merit. It Is much needed at prrent, nd wrlill, feil nguluce, kMnw'r ell the pur'ln for which it war Intnded. I eabol, moat checritlhl, rweouor-. i to Ail my p~od med at the e r.,* 4 my Truly yoars, S. DAN1 I=LIG'OWOD. To tH~r WM-rrunisq.,avIng examlned it. Whlttar minnnmpt, I con~ in Mr. ~nggwood'* opinlon of Ibt,t~OBT. J. DIlLON. Wd 0~dCy r~onur-ad B b) the pwse-lonm v ˆ ˆˆ,I have exmuuned 8M pes of Mr, WhlteSkt~ new ~ook of p~ice under the Cio, and I ver cboerhily give to It my eoidial approva, an tn ly reeomnend t to menbere of the profese throughout the State, as an exctllen d ihoo ine throh the clii of th new ~ tem.,Mr. WhItel hba is offe R ith me nr ome im F , ld I orn pt~ I owingly oft hc wat ex~Tro know ofi o the0 l prinCplt of ilw, r ndi of the atoy iad preosios To hls mbl hoe not s doubt tha oxO ta lid eees~ of the work.,N. e. GAE t, New.Yorkt, June 9thn, 182.,LYtPLU a COMPAhss CJOXtr~X raO 4
11°, hirnisgton Btre3e, Bocton.,, ,!h 1802. - , ' ,V.. ,. [ kITLE, B.BOW & CO' -T J, LA ¢ © - ©-, ,,- orSalo B y ttoe& Ceo,, Atku y, T.Y. ABB3OTT'S (Charles Ld. Tenterden) Treati-e of the Law relative to Nor-,chant Shipa and Seamen. The seventh English-rcition, by W,'in.r: SuEn. The sixth Amnerican' edition, iith t Noces of Mir. Justica Story, and additional Annotations, by Hon. J. C, PEniwu . 1 vol. e8o. $7.50. AIfTGFLL'S (J. K.) Treatise on the Law concerning the Liabilities and,Rights of Common CMrlerc. 8r7. $5.50.,- T'reatise on the LiLmitations of Actions at Law and suits in Equity and Admiralty; with an'Appendir containing the American and .ng- lish Statutes of Limitations, and cmbracing the latest acts on the snubect -Second edition, enlarged. Svo. '6.0. -'"-,_ --- ' -Trcatise on .the Right of Propery in Tide Waters, and in the Soil and Shores thereof. Second edition, revised, corrected, and much enlarged. Svo. $ 4.50.,Treatiso en the Common Law in lolation to Wlater- Courses. Fourth edition. Svo. $5.00. ANGELL'S (J. K.) and AMES'S (Samuel) Treatise on the Law of Pri-,vate Corporations Aggregate. FIfth edition, enlarged. 8vo. $6.50. ARNO ULD'S (Joseph) Treatiso on the Law of Marino Insurance and,Average; with References to American Cases, and the later Continental Authorities. Edited, with additional References, Notes, &c., by Lon J. C. Pr.nrms. 2 vols. royal Svo. $ 11.00. BR;OWN'S (William) leports of Cases, in the High Court of Ohancery,,during the time of Lord Chancellor Thurlow, and of the several Commissioners of the Great Seal, and tord Chancellor Loughborough, from 1778 to 1794', with the Anno- ' tations of Mr. Belt and Mr. Eden. Edited by lHon. J. O. Pxainas. 4 vols. 8vo. $10.00 BURGE'S (William) Commentaries on the Law of SUretyship, and the,Rights and Obligations of the Parties thereto, and herein of Obligations in Solido, under the LJwe of Englend, Scotland, and other States of Europe; the British Col- onies, and United States of America, and on the conflict of those Laow. Firat neri. cn, from the London edition. 8vo. $8.75. COLBY (H. G. 0.) On the4j ieiff Civil Actions and Proceedings at,Lawi._M.sas;a.lseftts, visth copious References to Decisions in New eampashiro =---=IaIiióe,; &-,, with the R.les of the State and United States Courts, and an Appendix- o,Forms. 8ye. $ 400. ' COLLYER'S (John) Practical Treatiso on the Law of Partnership; with,an Aseondix of Forms; Third Ameriean from the second English edition, with large Additioan to the Text ond Notes, by Hon. 3. SC. PSBIKs.: Thiclk 8vo. $ 5,60,
CRUISE'S (William) Digest of the Law of Ieal Property. Fifth Ameri.,can from the fourth London edition, revised and cnlrrged, with Notes and Illustr.- tions from the Roman, C'iil, and Foreign Law', and specially adapted to the American Practice, by SnioS GnEESLra F, LL.D., Royall Professor of Law in Harvard University. 3 vols. Svo. $1 .50. CURTIS'S (Gsorg' T.) Equity Precedents; designed as a Supplement to,illustrate and accompany Mr. Justice Story's Treatise on Equity Pledings. 1vol. 8ro. $5.00.,-Treatise on the Law of Patents for Useful Inven- tions in the United States of limer!ca, ,nd the Remedies for their Infringement. 1 vol. . 8vo. $5.0.,American Conveyancer, containing a large variety of Legal Forms and Instruments adapted to Popular Wants and Professional Use. New edition. 12mo. $1.00.,- =- -- -- Treatise on the Law of Copyright in Books, Dra. matic and Musical Compositions, Letters and other Manuscripts) Engravings and Sculpture, as administered in England and America; with some Notices of the His- .' tory of Literary Property. Sv6. SS .75.,: R' '-Rights and Duties of Merchant Seamen, according to the General Maritime Law and the Statutes of the United States. Svo. 3.50. CUSHING'S (Luther S.) Reports of Cases argued and determined in the,Supreme Judicial Court of Massachnsetts. Svo. Vols. I., IL, II., IV. $ 5.00 per vol. DANIELL'S (E. K.) Pleading and Practice of the High Court of Chancery.,Second English Edition. With considerable Alterations and Additions, adapting the Text to the last General Orders, and the most recent Decisions of the Court. By THo}.AS EMEStsoN HEADLAM, M. A., Barrister-at-Law. Second American edition. To which are added several entirely new Chapters, and copious Notes, adapting the work to American Practice in Chancery. By C. C. PBrs,Esq. 3 vols. 8vo. $12.00. DOMA.T'S (J.) Civil Law in its Natural Order, together with the Publie,Law, translated into English, by WLMuS STBAHAN, with Remarks on some Differ- ences .between the Civil Law and the Law of England, printed entire from the last London edition. Edited by the Hon. LTrrnEn S. Cusmdro, late one of the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, now Lecturer on Civil and Parliamentary Law in Har- vard University. 2 vols. royal 8vo. $11.00. EMERIGON'S (B. M.) Treatise on Insurances. Translated from tho,French, with. an Introduction and Notes, by SA3IUEL MEBEDIT: , Esq. Royal 8vo. ..$6.50. ENGLISH LAW AND EQUITY REPORTS.. The Cheapest, most Com-,plete and Useful Series now published. Being a full and accurate republication of all the Cases decided in the English Courts of law and Equity, nearly two years in ad- vance of any other issue of the same Reports in this country.. Containing all the Cases decided in the House of Lords, the Privy Council, the several Courts of Equity, the Court of Queen's Bench, the Court of Common Pleas, the Court of Exchequer and Exchequer Chamber, the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts, the Court of Bank. ruptey, including, also, the Election Cases, the Crown Cases Reserved, and the Rail- way aud Canal Cases. 8vo. Vols. I to VIII. now ready. $2.00 per vol. FOSTER'S (William L.) Reports of Cases in the Supreme Court of Judi-,' c.ture of New Hampshire. Vol.1. 8vo. $8.50. GALLISON'S (John) Reports of Cases argued and determined in the,Circuit Court of the United States, for the first Circuit, from 1812 to'1815. Second edition, with additional Notes and leferences. 2 vols. 8vo. $11.00. GREENLEAF'S (Simon) Treatise on the Law of Evidence. Third edition.,2 vols. Royal 8vo. $11.00.,,._- _-- ~ Examination of tho Testimony of tho Four Evan- gelists, by the Rules of Evidence administered in Courts of Justice; With'an'Account of:thl T'ial of Jesus. dvo. $s.50.,i
GREiEN LEAt'S (Simon) crinrts of Cases argued anr, determined c n the,Supreme Judicial Court of iL - State of Maine. By lion. Simos GcRreHtsA. With Notes arid 'References to later Decisions. By E. H. B.Nsas', Esq. 9 vols. in 8. Svo. $24.00. J,1AR AN'S (T.) Treatise on Wills, with a copious Dissertation on the Con-,struction of Devises, with Notes and References to American'Law, by Hon. J. . a Pn- mIsN. Second edition, greatly enlarged. 2 vol. . 8vo. $10.00. LAWYER'S (The) Common-place Book, bythe late Judge Howr.. With,large Additions to the Index, by Mir. .MAunvRn, Librarian of the Dane Law Library, Cambridge.. 4t. $ 3.50. MASON'S (William P.) Reports of Cases in the Circuit Court of tho,United States for the First Circuit, from 1816 to 1830. vols. 85o . $87.50. MASSACHUSETTS REPORTS. Tyng's Reports of Cases in the Su-,premo Judicial Court of Massachusetts, from 1801 to 1822. Third edition, stereotyped. %With Notes by BIsNJAM3n RAND. Vol. L by ErunAi Wn lVmA.s. 17 vols. vo.. $51.00. METCALF'S (Theron) Reports of Cases argued and determined in the,Supreme Judicial Court of Ma.ssachusettc. Vols. 1. to XII. 8vo. $5.00 per vol. MINOT'S (George) Complete Digest of the Massachusetts Reports, 17 vols.;,Pickering's Reports, 24 vols.; and Metcalf's Reports, 3 vols. 8vo. $7.50.,Supplement to Digest, embraing all the Reported Dcei- sions of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachisetts, from the Third Volume of Metcalf's Bport., down to the time of publication, including the 13th volume of Metcalf, and the 3d of Cashing. 8vo. MONTHLY LAW REPORTER. Containing Reports of the latest Eng-,lish and American Decisions; Abstracts of Decisions; Miiscellaneous Legal Intelli- genes; Notices of New Books; Obituary Notices; List of Insolvents; &e., &c., Edited Ey GEonuo P. SAoors, Esq., of the Boston Bar. The volume now in the course of publication forms the fifth of the new series, and the fifteenth of the entire work. It is published on the first of every month, and sent by mail or otherwise to every part of the United States. The editor is assisted in his labors by the contributions of numerous distinguished members of the profession, from all parts of the Union. The Reporter is printed in royal octavo form, the numbers Lontniniig sixty pages each, ' The price is $ 3.00 per annum, payable in advance. NEW PRACTICE ACT. The Act to amend some of the Proceedings,,Practice and Rules of Evidence of the Courts of the Commonwealth of Messachusetts; passed by the General Court in the year 1851;'accompanied with Notes, References, and a General Analysis of the Act. Also, other Acts passed at the same session, which relate to Practice. With an Appendix, containing the Law Commissioners' Report, a few Practical Forms, a Calendar of the Courts, Return Days, and the Rules of Court, established in pursuance of the Act. Prepared by the late JurNa HALL, of the Boston Bar. Bvo. $1.75. PLATT'S (Thomas) Treatise on the Law of Leases, with Forms and Prece-,dents. 2 vols. 8vo. $11.00. PICKERING'S (Octavius) Reports of Cases in the Supreme Judicial Court,of Masachusetts, from 1822 to 1842. 24vols. 8vo. '$.00 per vol. POTHIER'S (R. J.) Treatise on the Contract of Sale. Translated from,the French. By-L. S. osn. Cs . 8. $2.5. ' RAILROAD LAWS AND CHARTERS. Now for the first time collated, ' and arranged in Chronological Order for publication. The Railroad Laws of the,Northern and Middle States, including the Charters of the various Railroad Compa- nies, and, indeed, all the Laws, Generaland Special, relative to Railways, with a Syn- .opsis, and Explanatory Remarks accompanying each Charter and Law. Royal evo. VoQl. L mad I. now ready. 6.0. ' .
SM- EDESS' (XW. 0.) and MASRSHA!iL 'S (T. A.) E3port of Caisesa min the,High ourt of Errors and Appeals for the Stato of; issip;?l. 8o, 12 voIs. $o60.00 SMEDES'S (W. C.) Digest of Cases aocidedd and reported in the :Iigh,. ourt' of Errors and Appeals, and the Superior Cofrt of Chancery of the Stato of ..isslissisippi, from 1816 to 18e7. Svo. $5.00. .STANSBURY'S (Arthur J.) Report of the 'rial of Judge J. . PEOr, on,- an Impeachmnent by the House of 1opresontatives of the 'Unitea tates. 8,r.' $5.00. 'STEVENS'S (Robert) and BENECKE'S (William) Treatise on Average,and Adjustments of Losses in Marine Insarance; with Notes by WnAtAn Ptmwcsps. 8vo. $3.00. STORY'S (Joseph) Commentaries on the Law of Bailments, with rllustrations,from the Civil and Foreign Law. 5th edition. 8vo. $5.00.,.-.... Commentaries on th', Constitution of the United States; with aPreliminarv Review of the Coustitutional History of the Colonies and States before the adoption of the Constitution. Second edition. 2 vols. Svo. Cloth, $6.50; Sheep, $7.60.,' - - - Commentaries on the Conflict of Laws, Foreign and Do- mestic, in regard to'Contracts, Rights, and Remedies, and especially in regard to Marriages, Divorces, Wills, Successions, and Judgments. Third edition, revised, corrected, and greatly enlarged.' Thick bvo. $6.O.,'-- - --- Commenutaries on Eqaity Juri-spnudenco, as administered in England and America. Fifth edition. 2 vols. 8vo. $11.00. e :-' ---- Commentaries on Equity Pleadings and the Incidents,· thereto, according to the Practice of the Courts of Equity of England and America. Fourth edition. 8vo. $6.00.,-· · : Commentaries on the Law of Agency a ' Branch of Commercial and hMaritime Jurisprudence, with occasional Illustrations from the Civil and Foreign Law. Fourth edition. 8vo. $5.00.,Commentaries on the Law of Bills of Exchange, Foreign and Inland, as administered in England and America. Second edition. 8vo. 5.50.,Commentarips on the Law of Promissory Notes, and Gunranties of Notes and Checks on Banks and Bankers, with occasional Illastrations from the Commercial Law of the Notions of Continental Europe. Third Edition. 8vo. $5.50.,------ Commentarbs on the Law of Partnership as a Branch of Commercial and Maritime Jurisprudence, with occasional Illustrations from the Civil and Foreign Law. Third Edition. Svo. $5.60. STORY'S (Wilioam,W.) Treatise on the Law ot Contracts not under seal.,Third Edition. 1844. $5.60. -,- Treatise on the Law of Sales of Personal Property, with ninstrations from the Foreign Law; 8ro. $150.,·_ - .-.- Reports of Cases argued and determined in the Circeit Court of the United States for the First Circuit. 8 vols. 8vo. $16.50. SUMNER'S (Charles) Reports of Cases argued and determined in the,Circuit Court of the United 8tates for the First Circuit. s vols. Svo. $10.50. THOMPSON'S (L. A.) Digest of the Statute Law of the State of Florida,,: of a General and Publib Character, in force'at thei end of the Second Session of the General Assembly of the State, 6th January, 1847. 8vo.- $5.00. -
TRI.AL . OF DRo. W;BSTER Repo;'t. oe the :Case of Prof. Jon .W.,'WSehter, indietbd.for tl:e' Murdce of Drorgo Prlaeknrn, l efore teo Supremeo JTindlci Coult o'f OIr'sacbnsetta; including tiha Eeariibg on the Petition for a writ of Error, the 'risoner'a COnfessional Stateoments ead Appl cation for a Comm]utation of Sentence, nd an Appendix, containing several intcreatin., matters nevecr befobre nnblirhd. By Gzonars Brmu, Esq., one of the Counsel i tho ti ase. 1 vol. royal vro. - $.60. 0 UNIITED STATES STATUTES AT LARGE, by Authority of Congrese.,9 vols. royal 8vY. $Shec. $0.00.,(A Complete Syiloptical Index to'the) including those of the 31st Cngress, prepared under an order of tlie Senate, and published agreeablyto n Resolve of that honorable body. Royal 8vo. $S.00. UNITED STATES. DIGEST to 1851. 10 vols. royal. 8ve. Law sheep.,$03.00. Comprising, Digest of Decisions of the Courts of Common Law and Admiralty, by lM.TcMCArM, PKis, and Crunts, S Vl1s., 22.650; Supplement to do. by PUTNAr1, 2 vols.,$15.00; Table of Cases to the 5 vols. $5.50; Annual Digest for 1847, 1848, 184D, 1850, $20.00. Annual Digest for 1851, (in press.) The Annual volumes contin the Equity in addition to the Common Law and Admiralty. UNITED STATES EQUITY DIGEST. A Digest of all the Reports in,Equity, decided in the United States Courts of tho several States, frorm the earliest period to the present time. In two volumes, corresponding witA the United States Digest of Common Lzw, and Admiralty Reports, by Messrs. lIErcAar, P.ERRuie, ConTIa, and P'JTrrs ,-and forming, with that, a complete Digest of all the Reports to 1847, irom which period Mr. PorTasn's Annual Digest will include the Common Law. Admi- ralty, and Equity Reports, with a Table of all the Reports contained in the Digest, and a Table of all the Casas Repo-e'd. By JoaH PIIBrrL POTNAX, of the Boston Bar. 2 vol02 8o. Law sheep. $12,00. VESEY'S (Francis, Jr.) RBpoxte of Cases argued and determined in the High,Court of Chancery, irom the year 1789 to 181/, with a Digested Index. By FnAsos Visz, Jr., Esq., of Lincoln's Inn, Barrister at Law. From the last London edition, with the Notes of FPAeris VEsLY, Jr., Esq., and tho Extensive Annotations of JouN E. HOVEIID' , E3q., of Gray's Inn, Barrister at Law. Tho whole edited with Noles and REferences to American Law, and subsequent English Decisions, by Ci-t.aias SumNrI n and J. C. PEnnss, Esqrs. 20 vols. 8vo, $60.00. WIGREAM'S (James) Points in the Law of Discovery. First American from,the Second London edition. With Notos and References to American Cases; by a Member of the Boston Bar. 1 vol. $3.00. WOODBURY'S (Charles L.) and MINOTS (George) Reports of Caes,argued and determined in the Circuit Court of the United States for the First Circuit. Vols. I., If., m. 8vo. $16.50. IN PRESS, AND PREPARING FOR PUBLICATION. Greenleaf on Evidenee, Vol. III.-- Cranch's U. S Cirenit Court Re- orts, '6 vols.- A Treatise on the American Law of Landlord ndl Tenant. By JON ; *TAY OB.--- A Treatise on the Law of Contracts. By Hon. T IEOPEMLUS PARnsOqs.-- Htiaecius' Elements of Civil Law. Translated by Hon. B. B . PObTER. -A Treatise on Maritimo Law. By HERnr LANDERS.- The Law of Admiralty.----A reatise on the Law of Mort- gages. By FPANIS HnmriLmn.-s C hing's Massachusetts Reports, Vol. V.--A Treatiso on the Law of Divorce. By J. P. BISoOP.- A Trea- tiseon th i Law of Life and Si Insurance. . By . . ANOELL.-- How- ard's Reports, Vol. XH.-U . S. Annual Digest, 1851.--U. S. Session Law:, 1851-52. ' ; " ' " :' ' " . . :
ENGaLE LAW A:D EQUITY BiOF;$ Tho profession need not be reminded that this is the only series of Reports, either in England or in this country,.which attempts to contain ALL the decisions of AL, the English Court · In this series every reported case (except nzii priua decisions) is given ns- F'U., without condensation, or abridm ent, aud the profession may rely upon aving an accurate republication of the English .ases. ',It may be proper also to state, that in England there..re no regular reporters authorized by law, as in this country, but that each series of Reports, is there conducted solely, rs a privato enterprise, by privato reporters. And it is believed that for paorpTNsEs3, ALcnruRAo CLBEnrss, , and anuErY,-the essential recuiites in any Reports,-thn Law'Journal, ann the Jurist Series are not surpassed by ar.y rv.l series in England, and they h]ave often been found ilore correct. Scc theate cae of Crofts v. Bcale, (6 Erg.. Rep. 408), cwere the compar,- ttvsc uraemw of tih Loaw Jourmnl Rcporta, and .the conltcmnpcraso;s reports of Mfaning and Granfer, as to the true pleadilng in a former caw, was direct1y ilnvlcld. In that aee, Jelsei, the ChieJ Justice of the Comnmon 'lease, obseretd, - It is clear that the plea i Sison u. Kidman, as reported in 8 lan. & Giran. 810, is not correct,; Te piea, as it is reorted in theo Law ,wrotrW Beports, is just na say brother iMate tnppcsci." In addition to the toregoing points of superi- onrity in these Reports, they will he found to contain many valuable eases not elsewhlere reported, while so oCeaS in any other series will be omitted in this. Arrangements have been made, whereby this series will contain all the re orted cases in the Jurist and LawY Journal; hi Clark and Finnclly's Reports in the House of Lords; E.S. Moore's Reports in the Privy Council: the Reports of Simmons, liare, Beavan, Do Gsx. and Snale, and Mac. 'naghten and Gordon in the Courts of Equity; Adolphus and Ellic, Manning, Granger and Scott, and Wolsby, Hurlstona and Gordon, in the Common Law Courts; also the Criminal Reports of Denison, Temple and Mew, and E. W. Cox; the Admiralty Reports of Robinson, and the Ecclesiastical Reports of Robertson, -a combination of legal reports entirely une- qualled in any country.,Additional value will also be given to this series from the sect that, hereafter, they will be diges'ed in the annual volumes of the United States Digest. The first six volumes will . be contained-in Vol. V. of the Annual Digest, now in press. This work is published once in two months, at $2.00 par volume to permanent subscribers. Vols. L to VIII. now ready. Letters of Recommenndation, received fr'om the Judges of the 'United,States Supreme Court, and others. GrsTrIXes, Washington, January 27, 152.,bIy engagements here have not permitted me to examine particularly your -epublication of the English lReports in Law and Eq.uity. Bit as far as I have been able to look inao them, they appear to he correctly and well executed. And if they continue to be republished with the promptness of the volumes already out, aDd at the price mentioned, they will be a great convenience to the Bench and the Bar, and cannot fail-to attract their attention. I take vleasure in ,'1.nmending them.,I am, with much respect, your cbe4ient servant, iMesrs. Lrr'Tn, & BaowNR. R. B. TANEY. lessrs. LIT:LSa & BnowN, Washington, Jan. 19, 1852.,In the prompt republication of the "English Reports in Law and Equity," you tendes to the profession a most Lnmortant service. Tho first volums of these Reports includes eases decided in the ouse of Lords, Privy Council, Coarts of Equity and Common Law, from and after M'ii: aelmas Term, 1850; also Crown Csoes Reserved, and Cases in the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts." And the second, third, four:h and fifth volumes, which you have republished, include the cases decided in the above Courts in 181.,These Reports, like all other works which. proceed from your press, are excncte! in a most substantial manner, and do credit to the enterprise of the publishers. I became a sub. scruber for them ags oon as they were found with the boodbsellera in the West, and I am convinced that from raisIaI ColsEAIPESS AND sXTENe Or ZATTER, THEY MUIST SUPESniD3S, AT LEasT IN. T'Is coriTl'r, AL& OTES0 Esaxl IIr eronTrs of YLATs DE~OIX.SS.,. . . Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,JOHN MoLEAN. Messrs. itr'r.Em& Basowr,' Wahsingtn, Jan. 23,1852.,I, thinkyou ]lavs laid the profession nader great obligations, in the rpunbUlcation of tho " 'sglhs ZReports in Liw and anEquity," in thia.country.,The 1w lirce at which the volnmes abo offered, will enable the bar, genaralyi in thi way, to .fir. h their Ulbrarti with the current English Reports, of which many of thm have h'etote ! Bessn d~pirtle'. They wiUl thus hvee a ready acceas to the deciionis of Cotrts
:'-.': nt the fo';rt.in-hcad of tho Iaw, when.ce havo been cerrivad, for the most part, tho r:i'crii syitcis, ;izi. -'or less modificd, daily administcred by the'Courts of this country. And, In;. etr mlodified theseo yc-tems may be, it is rmaniftist, ttat these deciEians mast shed grct t lieht r h on i the iceti osos arir.ing her.,Yotir plan, 'is, will furni ih the profession in this country with'the c.ses luinrnDIATrL Ar:ii. TXit; i'UICATIlN X EI G .ItnD, AI CO(NSIDErTir.A TIi T'EE .I6T IIPOtl.'AdNCi; fr. if the rcneris of cascs decided aro of any value, the socner they are in.the hands of tho pii8s- eionw !': bezier. I sincerely hope youl ecouragement from the Bar will be comrensurato with: it!' 1.ri i of tha enterprise-.,i am, with gcre. rsesect, your obedient servant, SAM[l EL NELSOIN. 1cssers, Lrearr ce Beown'. Gentlemen :-By your publication of the English Law and Equity Reports, I think an importa.it benefil is conferred on the leglIprofc-asion inthiscountry. The fldelity with which these lloports appear to have been thus far made, their compact and convenient arrangement, their early pblication, brining down the decisions of all the important Courts, to a period far within those of any Court in our own country, together with their cheapness, ought to'ib saffcient recp-timendation to insure their general use.,'iith great respect, I am your obedient servant, B. I. CUBTIS. Washington, Jan. G2, 1852.,W1shington, Sup. Court Room, Feb. 17, 1852. JENiTL'I' IN', I have examined your iepublhation of the current English ,nd.Coimmon LIw Reporte, and like very muuch the design and execution of it.,Neither judge nor lawyer can very well do without the contemporary decisions of the Eng- lish Courts. Iliave founl them always so instrective and useful, that I hase hitherto read them in any form in which they have been published. Kereafter I will do so.in yours.,The Courts in Englatid are daily ictingupon cases presenting important and also new features. All of us must acknowledge that they are adjudicated with very able and discrim- inating anuteness, and with great learning.,Wishing your publication every success,,I am, gentlemen, respectfully, your obedient servant, J.MES M. WAYNE. Messrs. LirrLE & Br.owa, Boston, Massachusctts.,A publication lilke chat in which you are engaged, of the English Law and Chancery e- Torts, if promptly and accurately executed, cannot fail of great usefulness to the profession, iceludin" both the Bench and the Bar. Tile worl, so far as you have proceeded in it, ap- pears to bo accurately and well done, and is certainiy furnished at a cheap rate.,ith great respect, yours, P. V. DANIEL. Washington, Jan. 23, 12., 1am much pleased with your reprint of the English Reports in Law and Equity. M you contIlue to furnish them at the same price, and as well executed as the present volumea, and wilh the same promptness, they will receive the general patronage of the Bar.,Yours, &c., R.C. GEIER. Messrs. LTTraL & BEowx. Messrs. LreTLE & -Bnow,,I have leen somenw:at acquainted witlx the character of the English Law and Eqnity Re- ports, by the Jurist and LawwJournal, for many years, but more so, tr te last year, through yonr republication. I have no doubt they will supply every thiug which the profession gen- erally will desire, from all the English Iclports and m a form, and at.an expense altogether unobjeetionable. They are furnished so much earlier than any other series of English Reports in this -country, that your republication will be almost indispeusable tb hevery mem. ber of the profession, who desires to keep pace with the history of -English jurisprudence. The aotes by the American editors, are a valuable addition, and I am inclined to believe the work will prove to be the most desirable, and the least expesive, of any series of English Reports republished in this country.,Very truly yours, . ISAAC F. REDFIELD.,N·w Tons, May 17, 182. The English tLaw and Equity Reports, edited by Messrs. Bennct & Smith, are, I thinlk, a great convenionce and beneOt to the profession. Such examination as I have given these volumes, convince me of the accuracy and diligence of the editors; and the Reports appear to me the msst convenient and compendious form in which the English Reports are presented to us.,WILLIAM KENT.
UNIT3 5 STA. TES EQ: STT DIQaI S. A .sy Gl of . 'pst:i in,iquitiy, decided in tho Unlhite States Courts of the F. 1 Sits e, ";:om tho Ce.ilit periodt to he, piesent time. In two voloumes, corrccs)oidin with. the Utit2d iSt,-tc ,iacst of Coiumon 'Ln and Admiranly .ennor'tB, by hcjrs., LAcIJ , Pi:aInas, cT.u.s a.il Purrwz.tA, and, forming, with that, a completo Digest of aRll a beoot3s to 1 148, iior which'period rLI. Patnam's Annual Di',est will inelnde th Cimon L:a.w, A:rn:-. ralty, anuc Equlity Rports, with a Tablo'oi all the Reports , r.'m riscd in t'll " 7.0 , and a Table of all the Cases reporsed. By Jol.sr PIUELPS P :. ..:i, Ci tEl Bo: e.i I :r. ·i vols. vo. CLaw sheep. $L.00. I :I.in these volumies is the whole odly of American Lmav, well digct;lcd, pron:rly acranged' under the several titlea, ::d with escry facility for convenient rf.fel.cs. The contents of the six hundred volumes and upwards of the Americrln Reports, -widely scittcrcd,-and in many cases to most lawyers inaMsesible, are, by means of this Dige-t, brought ilthi) the nmean and range of all. Had th o.full mniagnitude of the labor been knovwn, the ontempt o- malelthe. igest vwould, probably, never have been hazarded. But the end is hse o reached: the profession have the complete'd Digest, and we hope that the editors and pubi!,aers will reap their gpwerd."-l-cZa R'cporte.. ' .,"We have now the entire body of American Law, as it appears in the reporta fully di. gisted, with all the convenient additions of tables of cases, indexes, subdivisions of titles. oe., through the diligence and indefatigable labors and learning of several of our brethren of the Boston bar, and the enterprise of the substantial house whose name almost guaron- tees the value of any book. It lih bleen an herculean labor, but it is now done, and will never require to he again done. The Annura Digest will hereafter serve to keep the work up, and to this labor-saviug fachinery will the professional man constantly resort as of in- estimable value."--Amcrican./ LiW Jouri7a. - DOlAT'S CIVIL.LAW; Civil Law in its Natural Order. By JIEA,DomiAT. Translated into lnglish by William Strrahan, LL.D., Advocate in Doctora' Commons. Edited from. the second London edition, by Hon. Luther S. Cushing, late one of the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas; now Lecturer on Civil and Parli-. mentary Law in Havard University. In 2 vols. royal 8vo. $11.00. Among the writersm'n the Roman Law, whose works are the best known to English and American lawyers, and which have exerted the most influence upon our jurisprudence, is Domat, ."whose work entitled The Civil Law in its Natural Order, says Judgo Story, (Pre- face.to Bailments) " considering thb age and the circumstances in which it was written, is a truly wonderful performance. His method is excellent, and his matter clear, exact, and comprehensive." ',The. object of the author, in this learned production, was so disembarrass those of the principles and provisions of the Roman Law, which are of general interest and application, from the technicalities of the system, and, by presenting them in a natural and scientific method, to render them more intelligible, and their attainment more useful and agreeable; and, though.the work was particularly intended for and adapted to the Frcnch jurislpr. dence of th i ego, it is not Tess applicable to every system of law, of which the Romnan code is either. a part, or in which It is recognised'as a body of written reason.- Besides the general claims rwhich the work thus possesses to the attention of the American lawyer, Domat has a peculiar interest In those of the States, whose legal institutions are derived in part from those of France or Spain, and ere thus founded in the Roman Law.. -,These reasons have induced a belief, on the part of the publishers, that a modem edition of this celebrated'orri would be 'acceptable to the profession; and have led them to engage in a republication of the English translation of it by Dr. Strahan. GREENLEAr'S REPORTS. Reports of Cases araued and determined in,-te .Supremo JTulical! Court' of the State of MLino. By Hlon. Srnto GBEsrmsaP. With notes eind refcrences to ikter decisions. By E. H. BEsMtr, Esq. 9 vole. in 8. 8vo. $2t.00. L. B.. & Co. would invite the attention of the Profeesion and the Trade to their extensive Stock of Law Books, being by far the most valuable and important collsetion in the country, and embracing, it addition to their own numerous publi- cntions, all the English and American Reporta, together with the most important other Law .Iorks bsth foreign and domestic, which they will be happy to supply to private individula* or to Libraries upon the most reasonable terms. Orders re- ceived by mail oxecuted with promptness and dispatch. :
* \ : ;., * rl T TKE & 'ˆ0. * .; * ; LtsJa amind V Insc1AjS9a·eii s Eg as©en? aad e taIiEE'lea',ALBANY, (N. Y.) ea always for sale the Law Publications of Aessrs. R. E. PETERSON & Co. Tb, gentleiuln of the Bar are respectfully solicited to give their Miprs to Iessrs. Little & Co. THE PUBLISi RS.,- . JUST PUBLISHED BY .'obes ; E-. Pet.erJ.Pa3m & Co., Corner of Sth anld Arca Ste., Philga., i$NSTITUTE OF AM ER:KibAN. LAWI,BY JOHN BOUVIER, .Juthor of the Law Dictionary, Editor of Bacon's dbridgment, etc.,4 vols. 8vo. pp. 2700-best law binding-Price $15.,ALSO, , t tOUJVIER98 LAW DICT ION At9,4th edition, Adapted to the Constitution and Laws of the United States of America, and of the several States of the American Union; with references to the civil and other.systems of Foreign Law. By John Bouvier. 4th edition, revised, en- larged, and greatly improved.-. O vols.! roy. 8vo. best law binding. Price $10. In presenting to the legal profession the Fourth Edition of Bouvier's Law Dictionary, the:Trustees of the Estate of the late John Bouvier, feel that it would bo a work of supererogation, to say a word in its praise. It has been now known to the profession for upwards of twelve years, and its author has received from some of its greatest luminaries-a Story, a Kent, and a Greenleaf, high commenda- * tion and praise, for having made "so valuable an addition to their professional apparatus," stating; , "that for extent of research, clearness of definition and illustration, variety of matter and exactness ' .'i f learning, it is not surpasssd by any in use, and, on every account is preferable to them all." In . .*grinand, it is considered the most elaborate work of the kind yet published, and is recommended to. ' '' - :Di'laced in every law library. The present edition embraces the last revisions, improvements,l '" and additions of its author, and contains about one-third more matter than the last edition, Underone head, that of maxims, about fifteen hundred new articles have been added. The present edition is much handsomer than any of its predecessors; the size and width of the page has been enlarged, it has been printed with an entirely new font oftype; on the best paper, and bound itthe best manner, and now equals, if it does not exceed in beauty, any other law hook printed here or elsewhere. Notwithstanding itsincrease of size, and itsgreat improvement in typographical beauty, the trustees, in order to extend its sale and usefulness, have resolved to keep it at the Iprice of the former edition, Ten Dollars. " Bouvier's Law Dictionary, is the best book of the kindin use for the American lawyer. It con- tains sufficient reference to English and foreign law, with a very full synopsis of such portions ol American jiirisprudence as requires elucidation. In the second edition the author recast manyof the titles, and added about a thousand new ones. By means of correspondence with membersof theBar in different States, and by a careful.examination of local treatises, the author has produced not only a good American Law. Dictionary, but one sufficiently local lor al practical purposes."-Allarvein's Legal Bibliographz, 138. "Bouvier's Law Dictionary, is an American work of a most elaborate character, as compared with English works ofa similar nature."-Joy's Letters on Legal Education in England and Ireland. Snr-The high reputation of your "ILaw Dictionary" must be my excuse for asking the favor of your acceptance of the accom panying " Letters on Legal Education," the object of which is to rouse the mind ofthe profession in these countries to follow in the course which has been pursued so successfully of late years in America, and vwhich was, in olden times, the course adopted at the English Inns of Court. I have the honor to remain, sir, your ob't servant, HENRY H. JOT. Mounljoy .Square, Dublin, June 24,1847. . ,v To Hon. J. BOUVIvE. ' . , '. Extract of a letter fromn the late Hon. Aaˆj'LD RANDALL, Judge of the District Court of the,United States for the Etiern District of Pennsylvania. DIAr Sa--I have delayed noticing the second edition of your Law Dictionary, until I could have an opportunity carefully to examine its contents. After such an examination I have no hesi- tation in recommending it to the Profession generally, and specially to those of limited libraries, as one of the most usetul works of the kind in print.
·,arll dcrlo., ,o S epl.tG, , 18. . DEAR BSrn-I have the phlasuro ti utiltnowlodlso the reccipt of your loltor of thc Ilth intlsnnt, T',o sheets of your Law Dictionary, whileh;f.o i had tile gooidnwln t(otend to m., I reoit'sd '"t tlis nmo time. I have examined thom wilh omlilddernlale ear e, Rnid lo not luheitato to say that the wurR wvill be a very Imltportnnt and most iial'l ldd(litiin to our .rtluicinl liicra.tue It supplies andeeet in our libraries, where the small Dictioniintlfs ore so brief as ,tn o e y '.'litle informatinate fnu il accrat nature to students, and the large ones ore rather coinpendiimllH otft Ie law, than expilteory psate men. . ofterma-syours han tle great advantago of an intermediate charucter. It dcllnt terms, and occasionally explains Rubjcta so an to furnish students at once the moans and tfio outlines ol' knaw. ledge. I will {eel myself grantly honored by the dedication of the work to nie, although, lI?. t fully sensible there are many oilier gentlomen who havo ftr botter claimnsto such a distineolpn than myaself jI levqe . me, dear sir, with the highest respect, truly your obliged frien, 't ';,,'t'ri!i noPrabloaJu a'ibBouvIEli JOSEPH ST'¥Y.,'.. r, n T, , , -ˆ ' ~Cambridge, Jua , Jury71810. MY DERA SIR-I had the pleasure a few days ago to receivo the second volume of your Law Dictionary, for which I return you my very sincere thanks.' The opinion which I formed of tt great merit in examining the sheets which I formerly received of, lh firt volume, is fully conarrma by an examination of the second. It is indeed, a most truly valuable work. 1 einttisied£t having my name connected with your enterprise, and I trust you Will receive from atii ral o.- fesslon that full approbation nt.ncompcnsation which tire so justly due 'o such usefill labors. Pro. foasor Greenleafand mysolfshatl recommend it to the attention of all our Law Students. With the highest respect, truly your obliged friend, JOS:PH STORY.,The Honorable JuDnE Bouvlan.,New York, November 20, 1839. DEAn SnR-I have the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 301h ult., accom. panied with the first volume of your "Law Dictionary," and for which I sincerely thank you. I have not been inaensible to ihotealuo of the gift, ifr I have run over almost every artic'e in it, and beg leave to add, that I have been deeply implessed with the evidences, throughout the volume, ' of the industry, skill, learning, ad judgment with which the work has been compiled. I have '-und it very minstuctive; and shall not fail to recommend its utility to the student, whenever a due opportunity occurs. With my best wishes for your health, and for perseverance in your labors for the honor of the Profession, I am, reapectfully and truly, yours, JAMES KENT.,Hon. JonN.BouvIrR. Extract of a letter from the late Hon. HKNny BALDWIN, one of the Justices of the Supreme Court,of the United 8tates, to the author. DEAn Srn-I thank you for the copy of your Law Dictionary, which you were kind enough to present to me, and shall )reserveit as a pleasing proof of your friendship I have too little titnet examine the work throughout, but have read many parts of it attentively, and with much pleasure. You have bestowed upon it much labor in the collection of the matter, and shown great judgment in its arrangement ant condensation, in which respects it is what se. h a work ought to be, a digest as well as a book of definitions. Such an one has long been wanting by the Profession, and, in my opinion, yours is not only the best which bas been published, but is ir itself a valuable acqui. sition to the bar and bench, by which both will profit. DEr A S. Yu lte of Ocoe 3h ih th nCambridge, December 17, 183gP. c* DEAR Sml-- Your letter of October 30th, wi.h the accompanying first volume of vJur Lawifik. tionary, did not reach me till this day, The second vulume, from a source till now unknown, was received a few days ago. I had previously looked over those belonging to Mr. Justice Story. 1 pray you, dear sir, to accept my unfeigned thanks, not only for the books,;which will be highly prized, but for having made so valuable an addition to our professional apparatus. For extent of research, clearness of definitions and illustration, variety of matter, and exactnems of learning, it is not surpassed by any in use, and, on every account, I think, is preferable to tt all. I am, dear sir, with sincere respect, your obedient servant, SIMC . GREENLEAF. Hon. J. BOUVIER.,INSTITUTES OF AMERICAN LAW.,BY JOHN BOUVIER. 4 vols. 8vo. best law binding. $15. Until the appearance of the following work, with the exception of Blackstone's Commentaries, and Woodeson's Lectures, there were no books of established reputation in the profession, serving as institutional works for the study of American Law. Both of these have become antiquated, and the former has been called by an English lecturer, "a charnel house of dead law," so much have the proceedings of the English Courts been changed since it was wrf'en. If this title can be applied to it with reference to that law upon which it was its particular business to comment, with how much more justice may it be applied to it with reference to our own laws. Every American student knows how much of it is inapplicable to our country. What, obr example, have we to do with those laws of Great Britain, which relate to the person of their king, their nobility, their clergy, their navy, their army; with their corodies and tythes, their copyhold estates, and their game laws, with a variety ot similai'subjects; yet how much of Blackstone is taken up with these, whilst the great subjects ofmercantlol'laws, and the various pro. 'edings at law and euuity fill up but a few ot his pages. In the work now presenteali'the aim has been to make it whatLord Bacon said an institutional work should be, "A key and gneral preparation to the reading of the course." "And, as it is intended as an American work and for American lawyers, the principal positions laid down have been supporled whenever practicable, by reference to American nuthoriitea; and when there has been a difference ia the several States of the Union, either in consequence of their statutory provisions, or the decisions of their courts, it has been pointed out and explained,
3 I.:';vsr-vr ihle rFject was of suniicenl irnpci;lanco to treqrilin it. Upon uo examination; however, it wi be found that Englisf precedents have not been d.vrlooled; on the contrary, they have beer. :'ed :.'hwin;lur they vhere important, or tWten Americani authorities could not be found applicable to the case." It has already had a-very large rcouiatior,, and has received the highest eulosiums from all who have seen it. To young lawyers it is peculiaily va!uable, as it contains much es a ';' lal nature not to be foir.d elsewhere. Its method and copious index, which a member of' il New York Bar pronounced the most complete of any he had ever seen, renders it of great value for reterence. One gentleman informed the publisher, that he had searched !is library, a large one, for two days, foi the laws upon.a subjcnt which lie found in the Institutes in a moment; and another, that the morning he purchased the work, ho saved .by it more than its c;O.I. In the words of the Chief Justice ot the United States, "the work is one of very great 'value. The general plan, and the order and arrangements of the ubjects. of which it treats, could not, I think,'be improved. And I may say the same thing of the nmainer inii-hich the plan is carried into execution, for every principle and rule is stated with brevity and perspihuity, and supported by its proper references." It is useless to say more, when the best legal minds in the cpurts.have given it their sanction-to'hem we respectfully refer.,-' -- . --..- - From CHIEF JUSTIOa TANEY.,·* -~~~.-' ';.c. B; Baltimore, May 31 1851. DEAn Silt-Accept my tianks for the proof sheets of the "Institutes of American Law,' which you have been good enough to send me, and also for the letter whie accompanied them. So far as Ican. judge of the work from the poriions before me, it is one of'very great valus, and will un- doubtedly attract public attention. The general plan, and the order and arrangements ofthe subjects of which it treats, could not, I think, be Improved. And I may say the same thing of the manner in which the plan is carried into execution. For every principle and rule is stated with brevity and. perspicuity and supported by the proper reference. After thus expressing my opinion of the work, I need not add that shall feel mmuch honored by having my name associated with it. And thanking you for the kind terms in which you are pleased to speak of mte in your proposed dedication, I am, dear sir, with great respect, your obedient servant, R,.- R. B. TANEY..,Hon. J. BOUVIER, Philadelphia.,,Baltimore, July 17, 1851. DEAR SiRt-Accept my thanks for the volumes of the Institutes of American Law. My impressions in its favor, which I expressed in my former letter to you, have been strengthened by looking further into it, and I hope the work will meet with the attention and encouragement which it so well de- serves. With great respect, I am your obedient servant, : i B. -TANEY.,Hon. J. BowIERn, Philadelphia. From the Hon. JOEL JONES, late President Judge of the District Court of the City and County of,Philadelphia.,Philadelphia, October 11, 1851. RonERT E. PETERSON, ESQ.-DEAR SI--I have examined with as much care as my engage- ments would permit, the Institutes of American Law, by the Hon. John Bouvier. I regard the work as a very valuable contribution to American Jurisprudence. The author's distribution and arrangement of subjects is unusually methodical and exact, and his manner of' treating them elementary and concise. The worl is enriched with copious references to the sources from which it has been derived, rendering it thereby useful to the experienced practitioner as.well as to the student. The want of a work of this kind, has long been felt; and for myself, I' feel free to acknowledge the obligation I am under to the learned author for the ability and industry with which he has supplied it. With much respect, I am your obedient servantO L JO .,iOEL JONES. From the Hon . J . . READ, formerly Attorney General of Pennsylvania, and late District Attorney,' ~ ~~- -'~ ~ of the tnited'Statea.,Philadelphia, September 20, 1851. DEAR Sitn-I perused a portion of the first volume of Judge Bouvier's Institutes of Americaa Law, in sheets, and made some extracts from it, for use, upon a subject I was then engaged upon. Since then I have examined the whole four volumes, and can freely say, that it forms a valuable addition to legal science; and is will calculated to become a text book for students. The discussion of remedies, both in law and equity, is particularly full, and supplies what was either wholly or par- tially omitted by former commentators, and forms an admirable introduction' to the larger treatises ofChitty, Greenleaf, Storv, andSpence. Very respectfully yours, JOHN M. READ.,ROtBnRT PETERSON, ESQ. '"... .. From the Hon. JoaM MCLEAN, one ofthe Associate Judges of the Supreme Court of the U. States.,Cincinnati, October 3, 1851. - DEAR SIrn-I am under very great obligations to you for Mr. Bouvier's " Institutes of American Law," which I have lately received. My engagements have been such, that I'have been able only to look through the work, and to notice the general arrangement of the subjects embraced by it. Tihe classification oftb.s topics explained, appears to me to be lucid and natural; and I *was struck with the excellent methlod ofthe work. The plan seems not to have been'copied from.any one, but it has more of the:sianplicity and manner of the civil law writers,-than is found in the' elementary trea- tises of the common law. Theprinciples of laware sucice:.y and clearlystated, and illustrtted and, the notes appended are judiciously selected, without being ;crowded, as they are inimany of-our modern publications. ,. , · i. I know of no work which shows so much researeh, and which embodies so generally the elemen- tary.principles of American Law, as the Inil;fiites of Mr. Bouvier. His name is most favorably known to tle profession, by his previous work'; and I am reatly mistaken, if.his Institutes shal . not add to hishigh reputation as an able and learned liw wrier.. The Institutes ought not only to be found in the hands of every student of law, but on the e'els of every lawyer, . Wih eat repet your obliged and obedient servant, ' , J OHN MCLEA. :',.RoIERT E, PETESON, ESQ. . .,A- ·s
PAGINATION,IRREGULAR
From thd on. .JATEs M. 'WAYnS, ono.cfth3 A.ssocrt:o Judges of the Supreme Court of thIe 'iil,Slates.,Savamnah, M.cv'% ber 4,1i51, DEAR SIR-I was aw.y from home when your first letter reached this place, and your second and first were only received on Saturday. 1 am obliged to you for both, and very much so for IvMr. Bouvier's Institutes of Aatn.:ican Law. Present my respects to him if you please, with my congratulations upon his having given to the pro- session a work of so much merit and real ability. I have given the two last Jays to the examination of it. It has revived my recollection of several points with which I am not as familiar os I used to be, instructed me in others about which I was n<o as well informed before. I shall ofile have occasiot to use it olcially; t nis as n preliminary work for the teacher and student of Jurisprudence, I do no: doubt that ivwill supply the want in every particular, indicated in the preface of the author. I am dear sir, very respectfully your obedient servant, JAMES M. WAYNE.,RBOBBT E. PETEBSON, ESQ.,From the Hon. SIStON Gnr.ENLEAF, author of " Greenleafon Evidence," etc. -,BcstOn, 1851. DEAn Su--I have received the volumes of the " Institutes," of Judge Bouvier, which he had the kindness to send me, through you. * In this worl the learned author has taken the middle course, not occupied, that I know of by any preceding American writer; treating his subjects with a degree of learning, compactness, precision of statement, and accuracy of definition, that cannot fail, I think, of rendering it highly acceptable to the profession. Judge Bouvier is So well known to the profession, that any commendation of his Institutes from me would be superfluous; but it will give me great pleasure to be instrumental in making them known, whenever opportunity may occur. With sincere thanks for your kind attention. 1 beg to re- main our much obliged and obedient servant, S. GREENLEAF.,MB. ROB'T E. PTEasot. The following extract is from a letter received by the late Judge Bouvier from the Hon. SIMON,GRERNLEAP. " I btyou to accept my hearty thanks for the volumes of your " Institutes," which I yesterday received. I have rapidly looked them over plunging into one or two titles in which my present studies are most occupied; and am quite delighted with the work. It will prove a very valuable .and acceptable addition to our legal literature.",From the Hon. H. W. GnEsr, Chief Justice of New Jersey.,Trenton, N. J., October 23, 1851. DEAR SIm-I have devoted the first leisure moments at my command, since my return home, after an absence of several weeks, to an examination of the " Institutes of Americau Law." The volumes contain an admirable compend of legalprinciples. They will prove an acquisition to the student, and a valuable addition to the library of every lawyer. Most respectfully, your obedient servant, HENRY W. GREEN.,MR. ROBERT E. PETnESON. From the Hon. RO.EBT C. GRnEa, one of the Associate Judges of the Supreme Court of the United,States.,Philadelphia, October 15, 1851. DEAR Sia-I must plead the absorbing nature of my official duties for some time past, as my apology for not sooner thanking you for the volumes of Mr. Bouvier's new worl, " The Institutes of American Law.' It requires but a glance at the volumes to see the very superior character of its typographical eiecution. It does honor to the Press of Philadelphia. Of the contents of the volumes, I have had leisure only to give a cursory examination. The principles and definitions of the law, so far as I have observed, are stated with great accuracy and preciinon. The order and classification of the subjects, (a very important characteristic in such a work,) seen to me of the very best. The learned author appears to have fulfilled the promise of his preface, in giving a valuable "preliminary work to serve the young American student as a guide in the labyrinth of the law;" and- "a general view to the several parts of judicial science in a method which should be adopted in the study ofthe law." Yours, etc., R. C. GRIER.,R. E. PSrTEsoN, EsQ. I have carefully examined Judge Bouvier's Institutes of American Law, and am satisfied that .there are few elementary works of greater utility to the bench, the. bar, and particularly to tLe student. 1 was forcibly struck with the excellence of the plan adopted, which gives a peculiar value to the work. The principles of law it embraces, are explained with simplicity and clearness, and supported as they are by the highest authorities, the work must be esteemed a valuable contri- bution to the science of law. THOMAS IRWIN,District Judge of the United States Western District of Pennsylvania. Pittsburgh, June 22, 1852. ,From the Hon. J. K. KANE, Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of,ePennsylvania. -',,~~~ , , .Rensselaer, near Philadelphia, October 10, 1851. I have devoted nome time to an examination of Judge Bouvier's Institutes. I have traced his analysis of the Law through its several subdivisions, and have aleo read several titles of the text; and am aatisfied that the work is worthy of its author's well established reputation, and that it Imust occupy a place in every well Btocaed professional library. Very respectfully, your most obedient servant, "J. K. KANE.
LITTLE, BROWN CO'S :. . . ' - , . E . E R A-L L. S T 0 F W. O ' S. AlBSOP'S FABLES. A new version, chiefly from original sources. By,Rev. Tnom-Ad Juns, i. A. Illustrated with 100 woodcuts, by Joum Tzncmni . 8vo. Cloth. $300. ALISON'S (Archibald) History of Europe, from the Commencement of the,Erench Revolution to the Restoration of the Bourbons, in 1816. New Edition; with Portraits on Steel, highly finished; with a copious Index. 14 vols. Svo. Cloth. $49,00. ADAMS'S WORKS. Life and Worlis of John Adams, second President,of the United States. Edited by his Grandson, Charles rancis Adams, Vola. H., m., IV. ad V. now ready. 8vo. Cloth. $225 per volume. AMERIOAN AL]MANAC. Containinr Astronomical and Meteorological ",matter; comprehensive Stattitcal Tabics, m regard to the Revenue and Expenditires' of the United States; Commerce and Navigation; Post-Office, Mint, Publio Iands; &c.; Colleges, Schools, Railroads, Lines of Telegraph, the Executive'and Judiciary and the. , Debts,. linances, &c., of the several Statesi valuable Contributions on subjects of' interest and importance; Obituary, General Events, &c. 12mo, $1.00 pervolume. Most of the back volnmea for sale. AMIERICAN LOYALISTS, (The) or Bioraphical Sketches of Adherent::,to the British Crown in. the War of the Revolution, a'phnbeticalUy arranged; with a Preliminary Historical Essay. By LonBezo SAuin. 8vo. Cloth. $2.75. ARABIAN NIGHTS, (The) Translated and aranged forFamily Read-,ing, with Explanatory Notes. By E W. LANE. Second Edition. Illstrated with Six Hundred Woodeuts by H.Lnvcr, and Illuminated Title by. Owrm JOmBn;. 8 Vols. 8vo. Cloth. $.50. BACON'S (Lord) Works. Edited by .Bail..Montagma, Es... Thom ost: ,,complete edition extant; containing translations as well a the original of the Latui WoAls, and Illustrated by Portraits, Views, and Fac-sinliles, with a ew Life of Lord .Bacon, by theEditor. 17 vols. 8vo. Cloth. $0.00. . : BALFOUR'S (J. H.) Class Book of Botany; being an Intrduction tothe . - Stdy of the Vegetable. Kingdom.. With upwards of 1000 Illustrations. Part I-,Structural 'Botany. Svo. Cloth. $1£0.- I BANOROFT'S ((oorge) History of the United States, from tha Discovery,,of the American Continent. Thirteenth Edition. vols. 8vo. With Portraits, Ma, . &e. Cloth. $6.00.,- --. l ' .. History of the United States, Vol. IV, behaing Vol. I. of the History of the Revolution. Containing ' csrn fIsr--The overthrow of the European Colonial System, 1748-176,3. 8vo. Cloth. $2.25. BLACK' S General Atias of the World; comprehending Sity-one Mapi fom,the latest and most authentie sonrces; engraved on iteel' with Goographical esarlp- tloai, and a copious Index. Qarto, half Morocco. 12.00.,2
Operatitons of Lneating and Constructing Rc ilroads. 1 vol. Svo. Cloth. $2.25. BOWEN'S (Francis) Lowoll Lectures, on the Application of Metaplhysical,and Ethical Science to tho Evidence of Religson. 8vo. Cloth. $2.00.<', BERON'S (Lord) forks, with his Letters and TQJosras, and his Life by,Thomas Moore. 17 vols. Post 8roe,_..ts.-e.Cloth. 515.00. CHAMIBERS'S Miscellany of Useful and Entertaining Tracts. 10 vols.,12mo.. Cloth. *$5.50. CHADMBERS'S Papers for the People. 12 vols. 12mo. Fancy Colored,,Boards. $5.00. CLARKE'S (Mrs. IMary Cowden) Complete Concordance of Shakespeare.,being a Verbal Indox to all the passages in tho Dramatic Workls of the Poet. Net Editon. 1 vol. royal Svo. Cloth, $6.00.; Neat half calf, 6.60;; Cal, 8.00. COLERIDGE'S (Samuel Taylor) Table Talk. Fourth Edition. Portrait.,Post 8vo. Cloth. $1.50. COUES'S (Samuel Eliott) Outlines of a System of Mechanical Philosophy;,being a Research into the Laws of Force. 12mo. Cloth. $1.00, DAVY'S (Sir Hnumphry) Consolations in Travel; or, Last Days of a Philos-,opher. Fifth Edicion. Woodcuts. Post o. . $1.50. - o----- ---- Salmonia; or, Days of Fly Fishing. With some Account of the Habits of Fishes belonging to the genuL Saluio. Fourth Edition. Woodcats. Post 8vo. Cloth. $1:50. DECATUR (Stephen, Commodore in the Navy of the United States,) The,Life of, by A. S. MAOECmKZc, U. 3. N. Portrait and Fac-simile. 8vo. Cloth. $2.00 DE WETTE on. the Old Testament. A Critical and Historical Introduction,to the Canonical Scriptures of the Old Testament, from the German, translated and enlarged by THmoDBa: PAsnnaa. 2 vols. 8vo. Cloth. $3.75. EDWARDS'S Outlines of Anatomy and Physiology, translated from the,. French, by J. F. W. LaE, M.D. uD. merous Woo'dcnts. 8vo. Cloth. $1.7li. ' ELIOT'S (Samuel A ) Sketch of the History of Harvard College, and of its,- present State.' -12o. $0.75. EMERSON'S (George B.).Report on the Trees and Shrubs growing naturally,in tho Forests of Massachusetts. 8vo. Cloth. $2.00. EVERETT'S (Edward) Orations and Speeches on various Occasions, ifom,826 to 1850. "With fine Portrait. 2 vols. royal Bvo, Cloth. $5:00. FINDLAY'S (A. G,) Modern Atlas; forminf a Complete Compendium of,G0(ograDhy. Comprised in0 Maps, with aeopious ndex. 8vo. Half Morocce. $3.00. - k-- .e : 2:- Classical Atlas,' to 'illustrate Ancient Geography. Cimpriaed' in 25 Maps. With an index of the Ancient and Modern names. 8vo. IaElfMorocco. $3.00. .FROTHINGHA 'S (RilhardJ.) History of the Siege of Boston, and of the,Battles of Lexington, Concord, and'Bunkor iill Also an account of the Bunker Hill Monument, with. I'utrative. documents. Imbelliahea with 16 Maps and Engravingt. Second eition. 8. Cloth. $325. GIBBON'S' (Edward) Deoline and Fall of the Roman Empire. Edited,with Notes; By the Decn of St. Panl'e and M. Gulzot. Second edition. Mapt. 8 vols. vo0. Cloth. $12.50. 10o ' :',LIST OF, V'ORMS
t0iOSi1ARY OF AROHITEOTUrtE. A Glosar of Trms uaod ia,oocinn, lloman, Italian, and othlio Arohitocture. Fifth diltlon, Enlnargd. Exrm. plilfid by 1700 Woodeuta. 3 vols. Bye. Cloth, top e4gfs gilt. OnoY voitnl of toxt Intcrporeod with woodcuts, two volumes of plates, some of whlh aro colored.' $1.00. GRIENVILLE Papers (The); being tho Private Correspondenco of Richllard,Gronville, Earl oeinpl, andl his Brother, Gcorge OroovUlle, their Frionds: and Contem, porariaes; hcludlng Mr.'Grenvillo's Diary of Polltical Evcnta, 1703-Li. FJiltod by WnAsM J3tAMRB SlTrl-. 8vo. Vols. 1 o(1 a. Cloth. 48.00. (Tlo be oompleotd l . 4 volumes.) GROTE'S (Gorge) History of Greeco; I. Leeondary Greoce.' II. :recian,History to the reign of risistratus at Athens v. 8vo . Vo. to 10 receivod. Cloth. $30.00. GUESSES AT TRUTH. BY Two BROIiu.Res. First and Second Series.,Post 8vo. 2 vols. Cloth. $2.50. HALL'S (Sidney) New General Atlas, with the Divisions and Boundaries,carefully Colored; a New edition, revised and corrected from tho best authorities, ccompallied by an Alphabetical Index of r.' the Names contained in the Maps, with their Iatitude and Longitude. 63 Maps. Folio. Neat Half Russia. $16.00. HALLAM'S (Henry) Constitutional History of England from the Acces-,sion of Henry VIII. to the death of George IL 8vo. 2 vols. Boards. $5.00.,_ Viow of the State of Europe during the Middle Ages, with Supplemontary Notes. 3 vols. 8vo. Boards. $7.50.,Introduction to the Literature of Europe, in the Six- teonth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Centuries. 3 vols. 8vo. Boards. $7.60. HALLIWELL'S (James 0.) Dictionary of Archaic and Provincial Words;-,Illustrating Early English Authors. Second edition. . vols.'8vo. Cloth. $4.00. HEEREN'S Ancient Greece, from the German, by GEoROa BANinorT.,SecondAmerican edition. 8vo. Cloth. $1.60. HILLHOUSE'S (J. A.) Dramas, Discourses, and other Peces. 2 vols.,16mo. Cloth. $1.00. HORACE (The Works of) Illustrated chiefly from the Remains of Ancient,Art; with a Life, bj the REV. H. H. MrMAX. Berutifully Illustrated. 8vo. Boards. $6.60. JOHNSON'S (Dr. Samuel) Pocket Dictionary of the English Language.,82mo. Roan, gilt edge. $0.63. JOHNSTON'S (Alexander Keith) General Gazetteer and Dictionary of,Geography. One thick vol. 8vo. Cloth, $5.50; half calf, $6.00; half russia, $6.50; full calf, $6.50. JOHNSTON'S (Prof. J. W. F.) Notes on North America; Agricultural,,Economical, andSocial. 2 vols. 12mo. Cloth. $2.50. KEBLE'S Christian Year. Thoughts in Verse for the Sundays and Hoiy-,days throughout the Year. 8vo. Cloth. $1.63. KNIGHT'S (Charles) Half Hours with the Best Authors; with short Bio-,graphical eand Critical Notices. Illustrated with Portraits. 4 vols. 12mo. Cloth. $5.00. KUGLER'S (Dr. Franz) Hand Book to the Italian School of Painting.,Translated from the German by A LADB. Edited with Notes, by SIE CHAuES EAS'R LAzE. Illustrated with 100 Woodcuts from the Old Masters. 2 vols. 8vo. Cloth. $..60. LANSDOWNE SHAKSPEARE (The). Containing the Dramatic Worko,,with a Glossary; th niamesthe the Charactera printed at full length, lu the centre of the text, in red ink. 1 vol. small 8vo., hoards. $4.50.
LATHA2I'S (Dfr. B.. .) English Lanoiage,. Third odition, rieid ad,i:- u'atly eilartged. l 'ioi. 8vo. C lot'. $58.' : . ' : ' -.-r-- ' ;: . _. HandaiBoo' of tho unglish Languag. 12mo. -_ --- i _._- Germania of Tacitus, with Ethnologieca Dissor. : .tations and Notes. 1 . c.' vo l Oh. . 3.50. > .' .LAPLAC E'S8 (,ixquis de) Mlecanique Cilesto, translated by Nathaniel,DBowditch, IL,. D., to which is prcefed a irife of Dr. Bowditch, wit.h Portraits, &c., &. 4 vXl, royal ito. .Cloth. $32.00 . . I 'EBERS (Fr cn is).M1anual of Politicl Ethics, designed chiefly for the Ouo,of Collegesand Students at Law; containinu,, Booi L, Ethics, Generl and Political;. BookIH., The State. 2 vols.8yo. Sheep. Cˆ .O.,- r--pta- Legal and Political Hermeneuties, or Principles of In. terpreataion and Construction in Law and Politics, with remarks on Precedents and Anthorities. Enlarged Edition. 12Smo. Cloth.. $1.00... LIEBIG'S (Justus) and KOPP'S (H.) History of the Progrcss of Chem.,iets and the Allied Sciences, Physics, Mineralegy, and cology; tncluding the anpli . catsons of Chemisnry to Pharmacy, Medicine, Aricultnre, the Arts, and Manurc' tnres. Parts L to.VL. received. $10.60. LOUDON'S (J. a.) Arboretua oet Fruticetum Britnnnicum; oY the Trees,· nd Shrubs of Britain, pictorlally and botanically delineat-d, and Bcientlflclly and nularly described. 8 vols., four of letter-press and .four of plates. Svo. Cloth. LYELL'S (Sir.Charles) 3Ianual of Elementary Geology; or, the Ancieut,*Ohlnges of the Earth and its Inhabitants, as illustrated by Gieological Monuments, Third and entirely roiaseeddition. Illastrated. 8vo. Cloth. $2.50.,-------- -- Principles of Geology; or, the Modern Changes of the Earth and its Inhabitants, consiFdred aa illustrative of Geology. Eighth and en. tirly reviaed edition. Illustrated with Maps, Plates, and Woodcuts. 8vo. Cloth. $ .' . .. ..:' * . .. - : MACAULAY'S (T. B.) History of England, from the Accession of James,'! IL: Fourth edition, revises by the Author, with numerous important corrections, and 'the addition of Margi.au. Notes and Dates, liandsomely prited from large, clear type, o fine white paper. Portrait. 2 vols. 8vo. Cloth $5.50. MoINTOSHI'S: (Oharles) Bcok of the Garden; intended to ezhibit in a,lear, and orderly treatise all that is Imown at the present day on the subject of OGar dening. Now punhishing in parts. Parts L I. ItL received. im[LTON'S W0 in Verse annd Prose. . Nw and elegant edition. Pinted,from'the oriinal editions. With a Life of the Author by the Rev. JOHn Mhroon. vols. 8.. Cloth. $1. - -- ' Poetical Works. Uniform with.the above. 2 vols. 8vo. Cloth. $O4.00. MIfL'S (John tuart) Principles of Political Economy, with some of their .,.Applications to Social Philosophy. 2 vols. 8vo. Cloth. $s>60. -. : MOOR1E'S, (Thomas) Songs, Ballads, and Sacred Songs, beautiflly printed.,12mo.. .loth. $1). .,- - *-: ..-- Lalah Roolrk, beautifuliy printed. 12mo.- Cloh. ___- ': .:. .:-.' --. Irish Ielodies, mniform with the above... 12mo.,ClotI' .h. - . . . . 0
arji-TIETHERIS (.3. .3 Laoturees oa the &ltory of iorno; Editel y D3r.,L!o:ManG SonaZr, P.R.S.s. Second etliion, rith ovry addition dderiawbo E D.r. Isler's (termn n edition. S vol. Svo. i'ortrait. $5.50, *OI THB ASIERlICAN 'ETVIW. (The) i, as heretofora, piblifeed on tho,first of January1 April, July, and Ociolihe and forwarded by mail or othenrise to any part of the Usitel Sta. tes. h2ash nu lber eontains at lest two hundred and sixt- fioa pgesC, well printed, on doer wEhito. ppr. Subacriptions may commenee with any voiumo, thiat is, vit tho number for January or July. Termnns, 5.00 per annua, payablo in advanco. Having purchased the back stock of the 1rviec, the publishers can sepply mosG of the oldh numibsr on application. A few sets complete from' the i commouencement. PA RBKlJ'S (Theodore) Discourse of Matters pertailnng to Religion. 12mo.,Cloth. $1.25. P?ARKMAN'S (Eranois, Jr.) Histnry of the Conspiracy of Pontiae, and the,War of tho Iforth American Tribes -Oalnst the English Colonies, after the Conqusst of Canada. 8vo. Cloth. $2.50. pOOCOKES' (E.) India in Greece; or, Truth in Mythology. - Containing,The Bources of the Hellenic Baco, the Colonization of Egypt and Plestino, the Wars of the Grand Lama, and the Bud'histic Propaganda in Greece. Illustrated with Maps. 13mo. Cloth. $2.00. POjETTRY AND POETS OF BRITAIN, from Ohaucer to Tennyson,,with Biographical Sketches, &c. By DASˆrr x SonYaraourn. 1 vol. emall 8re. Cloth. .- 1O., QUINCY'S (Josiah) History of Boston. A Municipal History of the,Town Dad. City of Boston, daring two centuries; from September 17, 160, to Septoem bar 17, 1830. 8e. Cloth. '$,25. IICOK.IAN'S (Thomas) Gothic Architectare. The Styles of Architecture,in Eugland, from the.Conquest to the Reformation. With a Sketch of the Grecion and Roman Orders; notices of nnumeroas British Ediices; and some remarks on the Architectre of a part of Franco. Fifth edition. Profusely illustrated. Bye. Cloth. $.00., . . RIDDLE'S (Joseph E.) copious and oritical Latin-English Lexicon; found-,ed on the Oerman-Latin )ictionaries of Dr. William Freund. Post 4o. 1400 pp. beautifully printed.' Cloth, $8.50; full bound in calf, neat, $10.00. ROSE'S (H.) Chemical Tables for the Calculation of Quantitative:Anly-,seo, recalculated for the noro recent determinations of Atomic Weights, and with other Alterations and Additions. By Wniae P. Dz..n. 8vo. $0.756... . SCOTT'S (Sir Walter) .Novels. New and elegsut librry edition; contain.,ing all the latest corrections of the author. Illustrated with steel engravinge.;"..To be comprised in 25 volumes, published monthly. Vol.L received. 8vo. Cloth. $1.50. SHAKSPEARE'S Seven Ages of Man. -Elegantly illustrated by Original,: Designs, drawn on wood. 8vo. Cloth. $1.00. .. . SAtiRPE'S Corresponding Atlas; comprising fifty-four' Maps, constriuted,upona B ysatem of Scale and Proportion, from the most recent authorities. Engraved on eteel, by Joseph Wilson Lowry. With a copious Consulting Index.. Folio, half- .-:, morocco, gilt leaves, $12.00. . SfI11 'S (Dr. ,William) Dietionary of Greek and Roman Biography and -. Mythology. vols. royal 8vo. 8500 pp. Cloth. $15.00. - .- ' :. :- ..Dictionary of Greek and Romin Antiquities. 'n- . lustrated by numerous engravings on w ood. Send edition, mproved and enlarged - Royal Bb. 293 pp. Cloth. $-.00
'; , aind ceogral)kiy. Partly Lased on theo 1 Dictionry of Greek anid lsoal iiiot. :; p.:hy -n, d Hytsoto'y:" 1. 7oL. Svo. Cloth. $3.0, .,Smaller Classieal iietionaiy of Biography, 4, .. tho!ogy and Gecraphy. Abridged from the larger Dictionary. 12imo. Clolth. $I.i. * --: ----- ---- .Dictionary of Qreelk anild Roman Geography. Ii.,ustrated by numerous engr.viiags on wood. To be completed s twelve umlmbc;. Ports 1, 2 and 3 now read}y. $0.G; a part. BPAiKS'S (Jared) Library of American Biography. Newv series. Cora.,plete in 15 vols. Gmo. Cloth. $15.00.,Life of Georgo Washington. New edition. 1 vol. 8vo, Cloth. $1.75. *- ----- _ --Life of Governeur Morris. With Selections from Wq Correspondene and Miscellancous Papers. 3 vo0e. 8vo. Boards. $5.00. 'SCHILLER'S . sqthetic Prose. Translated by Rev. J. Wsiss. 12mo.,Cloth. $1.25. SPENSER'S (Eldmund) Poetical Works. Edited by GEO. S. HiM.LAD,,Esq. Beautifully printed on fine paner, 5 vols. 12mo. With a line portrait and il. laminated title-pages. Cloth. $5.00. 'SPIERS'S (Professor A.) General French-English and English-French Die.,tionary, newly composed from the French Dictionaries of the French Acedem, Laveaux; Boiste, Bencherello, &c.: from the English Dictionerics of Johnson, Wef ster, Richardson, &e., and the Speeal Dictiouaries and Works of both Lsnnguas, containing a considerable numler of Worda not to be sonnd in other Dictionarles. Royal 8vo. Sheep. $3.0i0.,,. ---- - 31lnual of.Commercial Terlms, in English and French; or, Collection in Fmnglish and French of the Terms and Forms of Commara: in general of Banking, Book-keepitg, Stock Exchange Business, Politieal Economy, the Customa, Exchange, Finances, Insurance, Commercial Law, Commercial NaDvi;: t - ion, &c., with the Numnes of Merehandize, &c., and Models of Checks, Invoices, Blil of Exchanre, Promissory Notes, ecaipts, Indorsements, &c., followed by a scries cf Commercil Letters. 12mo. Cloth. $0.75. STORY (Joseph) Life of, with Selections from his Correspondence. By,his Son, W.W.Som. S y. vols. 8vo. Cloth. $5.50. __:: -- Miscellaneous Writings of. Edited by his Son, WILmU,WV. Sron. 1 vol. SY. Cloth. $3.00. STOTHARD (Thomas) Life of, with Personal Reminiscences. 'By Mrs.,. Bus. Illustrated with Portrait, and 60 Woodcuts from his Works. Small ito. 3oards. $5.50. TRUTHS ILLUSTRATED BY GREAT AUTJIORS. A Dictionary cf,nearly fonr thousand Aids to Reflection, Quotations of Maxims, Metaphors, CouSn., Cautions, Aphorisms, Proverbs, &c., &c., in prose and verse. Compiled from Sha. pcare and other Great Writers, from the earliest ages to the prcsent time. 1 iL l2mo. Boards. $2.50. WALTON and COTTON'S Complete Angler. Edited, with Original e.,moirs, by Sn HaImsu NcoLAs. Illustrated by Engravings from Designs by StothArd . and Inskipp. 2 vols. imperial Yvo; Cloth. (lublished at £6 Os.) $5.00. VESPUCIUS. Researches respecting Americus Vespucius and his Voey,: ges. .By VISBoTuT BmASTar i Ex-Prime Minister of Portugal, Member of the I- ; tltutb o France, &c., &, &. Tranalated by . V. CMilde. 12co, Cloth. $0.75.
WV7ATT1S'S (isnao) Divine and Moral Son$, for the Use of Children. With,SO beant'Uini il ltr.istiora i dralVn oa woad. hvo. Cloth. LO0. XT3S'EIT R'S (D;aniol) Works. Comprising his Spekchos, Foron us Argu-,*ests,)t. EdiCip~lomeaticapcr, wuith a Notice of hiA ILifo and Works. By Eniw-ra *Evrnurr. 0 volr. o. o. loth. $12.00. yWLqNTEROP'S (fbortb C.) :iSpeehos and Addresses on Various Occasions.,1 vol. . v Co th. o 3.00. YOUNG'S (Alexander) Chronicles of the First Planters of the Colony of tho,aXssrachenstta Bay, In New England, from 1623 to 1935, now first cllccted from Original Manuscripts and Unpublished Records, and Illustrated with Notea. With a Portrait of Gorarnur Winthrop. Svo. Cloth. $2.50.,JUST PUBLISHED. BANCROFTS HISTORY. VOL,. IV. History of the United States, Vol. IV., baing Vol. I. of the History of the,Revolution. Containing, Epoch irsat-The Overt.hrow of the European-Colonial Sys. tem, 1746-1763. By Hon. GeoEora BAroOETr. 8vo. Cloth. $2.25. "Among the historians who have attained a high and deserved reputation in the United eiates, witkn tlho last few years, we are inclined to yield the first place to George Ban- .-crest.,4 "Hi experience in political and diplomatic lihe, no less than his rare and generous cal- tore, and Ins singular union of the higcst rmental faculties, enable us to predict with condf deace that this work will he reckoned among the genuine master-pieces es isiorical genius." -7lPtmiasflr Rericcw.,"The further this work proceeds, the more do we feel that it must take its plice s0 an est.-etially satisfactory history of the United States."--ondou Atdahcxlnm.," Tkhsreo re more graceful narrators than Bancroft. There may be anndnistt mre sec.rch- ing and profomld-though we can scarcely name them; but for tho ni;on of history and pileosopy, the actual and tho ideal, in a continuous synthetic composition, he certainly bears away tile pril... . .. . i.r. Bancroft's narrative is distinguirfied for its tree- dam from vagueuess, and its exact nicety of description. In the sphere of facts, he deals In no urnmeaning generalities. Whether delineating character or natural scenery, his epithets or choice, shBarp-cut, and of sexpressivo fidelity. Hlo neover falls into the error, so common with inferior writers, of losing all distinctness of statemeirn in a cloau of general assertions. He is always specific in his details, instead of trusting to indeIniteo setches. He does not paint in uncertain colors the Iccalities which he wishes to illustrate, hut presents their aa. tlral features in prominent relief."-New York Triblmne.,"It can hardly he do.btcd that this volume will add to the author a reputation. oe can- not. too strongly commend it to our readers. It ought to be in the hands of every student of our history and in every librar in the countttry. It is well calculated to foster an Ame- rian spirit, amd to call attention to the great features of our history. The volme in orna- minted with plates, is Eot up in excellent style, and is worthy of the reputation of its pub- llshses, Mtssrs. Little, Srown & Co."-1Bofoat Ibst.,"The issue of each successive volume of this most important work should not pass unno- tilced. Written ea it is In such pure and energetic language-calm, yet firm in its state- ments and assertons--loas lyadherlig to facts as told by past historians and found in Aho docume ts remaining from tose days, yet not, wanting in bold opecaultlons and tadentnutu iaagiAn;gs-'its apcparaeeo is an era inAmericar. literature, an is in itself a valuable por- tn of national histor. .. .. The work Is a boon to the nation, and :e such It khould be considered bythe communily. We tust the very cble author's life may be pro- longed ttill he may complete a task whiU he has so aduirably begu., and which is a credit to botb the author and cur country."-fAcwarlc Daily Advertiser.,15
WE13BSTERiE'S WOBRS. c ho: I epscSies, Forewsi Arinaenta,: ' nd Diplomatio Papers ótf D :i,e',EsEnna; with a Notict of cl s Life and 'Work;,' by EBlAioD EvravTT. LS 6 'S 8vo. Cloth. Subscrition price, $12. ' , .' . "Thso vo!umes are n collection of inmpecish ble nmodel3 in censtitutionzl law, i,.r. dence, international law, diplomacy, fiuance, legislation and literature-a collection t be maitehed by this, and hardly by any other, coun. ine. eapital and multiforms ex¢esilii T'hbre is not :. page in these beolks which may not gsiT the world assurance of a trasea oat intellect; not a pago which will not make posterity prouder of the land of their ftljia These productions will be peTretuated as long .s the English lngluage eadurer."--. 1;,"Distingu shed nmen have monuments erected for them by their grateful countrymieius sometimes by tho coplo of another nation, or by a remote posterity. Daniel Webster bi taken care to bulla his own, tafd in his lifetime. The six ample volumes of his worlaks j published by Messrs. Little & Brown, of Boston, will constitute a moro precions and dura memorial o hisa existence and his greatness, than the granite column, the marble or brit bust.,"We ohall not attempt to mention, nor even hint at, the deservings of Mr. Webster, still le to comparo him with other men. There is a shorter coarse, which is to invite tho ccmmn-is ty to weigh and value them for themselves. There are his works, such of them 'as iatu 'been:collected. There they stand. They shall speak for him. They want only to tlt'! readers in order to create admuirers."-Ncsark Daily Advertiser.,"In company with the writings of Washington and Franklin, they constitute a most ia. ~ental part of the istory of our republic. No lapse of time can-destroy their value, so ' as the world shall'feel an interest in knowing how the greatness of the American natltoei built up and preserved, aid how the genius and spirit of the people in the nineteenth eats ry were embodied and personified in one eminent individua--emphatically the Ai=ss ,s' *· .SrA-.tsaAr."--I ),toi.'. oir. , . . e. ." , .:,M'Wo - *- not how to express, as emphatically as we could wish, our sensse o the i_ 1 rest and of this publication. Athounh nearly all the contents of these volumaes lii' been alrc before the public, and many ot them havo been very extensively read, in ewih'; part of the country, few persons, already familiar with them, can fail to be agreeably stru*; :with the idea of a rcperusal. To be furnished with the entire collection of these prit.i tions-so varied in their character and always so rich-which have appeared at shor inte; :vals throughout a jperiod of more than thirty years, and relating to topics which have amnsi :deoply.oecpied the public mind;, 'during that whole period-to have these produeUdti; ' hich have existed hitherto only.in detached pamphlets, or imperfect collectlons, reps' duced in an attractive form, under a methodical arrangement, with explanatory histnricil notes, is a luxury in literature which the labors of the press rarely smuppy."-Bit. ad.D vctslecs. . ';; .,,"The prtcqnt collection of Mr. Webster's orations, speeches, argumaents, debatesi-a- State papers, wSll remain the great literary monument of his distinguished career. 0tsr- volumes may be adled, and in this hope every American 'will join - or it implies furtHt . usefulness to his country; and should the ofdico of the Presidency be ndded to the list cth author's public honors, that event will provide now contributions for the estimate of the lSg' i hy poaterity; but these volumes must remain the solid basis of his reputation. They rede-: ent his periodo of youth, ianlhood, aid intellectual energy, his skill. at the bar, his forcaity the senate, his cssertion of his country's rights in affairs of state, his taste in literaturoe, i. leading, his learning, his eloquence before the people in the popular address, which, eLpr's.:; ing those general views of lito in which all share, carries confdence and conviction to t%:,; breasts of men who are neither oliticians, jurist", nor statesmen,' but simply men.-i; ramr World. " By the side of the excellent edition or the works of En~aun BunsE, issued some syets. since by the same publishers, verstudent of politics may wel. placo this edition o 'works ofi. DsmnL WEBSTga "-TrlOstolsgt ;C. . J '; ; . . . , ."t,.IMPORTATION OF BOOKS. " L. B. & Co. devote particular attention to this 'branch of their busine ' and orders for Books from England, France and Germany, are forwarid riegiarly by the Steamers to conipetent and faithfbl agents in London, PaU" and Leipdie. ... .,.-i
PAGINATION,T1) 1) Wsb r TT A I)~~~~~~~~~,1ALU U Ala~~~~~~~~
LITTLE & COMPANY'S LAW CATALOGUE. .,A Abolt on Sidpping, new edition. :Abrdgment of American Reports, by Wheeler, 8 vots. '. Adams on EJeciment, nw edition, by Tillnghast. Addieon onontract. Admiralty Deeiaons, a vol. "Alabeama Reporte. Alien on Bhelrlff. Amable's Reports. American Conotil:lions, new edition, enlarged. American Jurlst, Amerlcan LTeding Cares, now edition, 2 vola. Andrews' Reporis. Angell and Ames on Corporations, now edition. Angcll on Adverse Enjoyment. Angell on Common Carrier, new edition. Angel! on Lilmltnaiona, nevw edition. Anreli on Tido Watore. AnellO on Water Courses, anew editon. Andtlon's Analysis of Siackstoec. Archbold's Civil PicEdin,. Archbold's Criminal Pleading and Evidence. ArchloldS Fonrs and Entrie. Archbold's Practice of Court of ring's Bench, 2 vo.L, now edition. Arkansas leports. -Arnold on Insuranco, 2 v.o!. .Atkyn' Eic- rts, 8 vels., by fiasderm. Al.orony's Coompanlon. 'Azunl's MIratimoa Law, 2 vole. ,*' B .B Bnackus' Dlgest of Laws relating to Sherif, vols. l~aon'e Abridgment, new editton, by Bouv!er, 10 vols. Bealdwin's Cireuit Court Ieports (con, of Washing- s _ ton). l: lanentlno on tho Eteatno of Limitation, 'ith notes and additioins by Tillinghnst. .Barbour end Harrlngtons Equity Dlgest (Englsh '.' rd American Case), 8 vos., 16SO.,rtibolr on Sat Off. '::arbour's Chancery Practice, 2 vols. - Baorrs's Criminal Law, 2d edition. lBsbocra si ow-York Supreme Court Reports, 10 ' vo'. BaMwall and Alderson's Reporis, 4 vols. Barr's Penn. Report, 10 vol. ltariuon o Equity, Boyley on BlUs of Exnhaugo. e': amees' No Exea E oguo. ltBiaRes' Pleas in Equity. ;Boawes' LOx McreatotiS, S vot. r'irl, a on C:rims.,C;S :aMEvDICAL JIURBISPIIUDENOE, 10th t Oetttii, '2 vOt. i] s'a{ a eUstionssdlapeted to Grahasm's fractice.,S 8[. . AOdmiaity I}eporis. B's . applernamt Yt Vesoy Senlpr's Chancecy Rc- ecu e and Stevens on Inusrance by Phlllps. $tei.ow's Dlgtst of Maesoachunetts ieports. ,i:B.glum Ionlnafnoi und Covertare, ncw ediion. S calonl a P'rerhtip, Amtian Notesl ..cks3toane's Connmentarle, by O!M.uty, volte sekioae's Comnmentaries, by Werndell, 4 vo.l,OIatcone's (Hen7) Ieports, 3 vot.,Biackstonc's (Sir William) Reporle, 2 vol. Blake'a Chimeery Practice. Blmlnt' Commercial Digest. lBoote's Suit at Law. Booth on Real Actions. Bosacquct and Puller'a leports, 6 vols. BOUVIEL'S I'fiT1TUTESS, 4 vols. BOUVIEg'S LAW DICTIONARY, now ediion, greutl enlanrged, vol. BRAs)I'01 AD'5 S6TUI:GAdTER REPOlTS. Brakenridge on Trusts and Trusntes. Bnranhe's l'rinelpim. Bridgman's Equity Dlgest, 4 vols. Bright's Husband and Wife, 2 vol. British Crown Cases Rceerved. BrocienbrouFi;'ó Reports (Chief Justieo Marshall's Decisions), 2 vols. Broom's Legai MlxIims, new edition. Brov/n's CUaes in Parliament, 8 vel3. Brown's Chancery lReports. Browna's Civil and Admiralty Law, 2 vol3. Bnllcr's Ntii Prils. Bunbury's Renora. Burgo on Lav of Suretyohip. Burlamaqul's Natural and Po!ltic Law, 2 vole, now edition. Burns' Justice 4 vole. Burrell'a a1,w bictlonary, 2 vote. Barrell's Praclico, 8 voit. Burrow's Report. 6 vols. Burr's Trial, 9 vols. Bttler's Itior Jurldiem. Eynkershoeli's Law of War, by Dnpo'lncau. Caines' Cases in Error, 2 vola. in one. Caines' New-York Term Reports, 8 vol. Caldweil on Arbiatlion. Campbell i N'l Pris IReports, 4 vols. Cases in Chancery. Cases Temp Talbot. Chambers'Leandlord and Tennt. Chilpman on Government, Chllty on BUs of Exchange, &c. Chillty on Contracts. Chitty'a Criminal Law, S vols., new ed!tlon. Chitty's General Practico, 8 volt.' Chitly's Medical Jorisprudenee. Chiltt's Pleadins, 8 voel. City Hall. ecorder, vol. in three. Olaicy's Rlght' of Iarrliec Women. O!erlc's ABlettaut now edition, enlargied. CLINTON'S DIGEST OFP NEW-YOP.K LAW AND EQUITY REPORTS, vol. Code Napoleon, trailated. Coke Abridged, by Dunlop. Colko' Reports, 7 voli Coke upon Littleton, vol., by Thoneir. Coleman and Calues' Neow-York Cese3. COLLYEE ON PAETNTIiESIIUP, new edition by .Perkins. Coummercll Codeo of ranee. Comatock's Reports of eTcw-Yorlk Cont of Appats, 4 vos. Comyn on Contractas Comyn's Digest, by Hiummond, 8 vol. Comyn'bs eprts. Condensad Unltezd BIetes 1edorSi 8 voS. CONKLINTS ADMLdALTY JURnIBDIoTION AMD PM.ACTIai:. ,
Counila' Prectice of tho UnfIted fiLttes CeOnra Coantln'o Treatise. Connectlcut Beports 20 vols. Cooper's ChanIery Caaea. Cooper's Equity Ileading. Cooper's Institutes of Juaslalan. Cooper's (Judge) Opialorn-Admlralty Oaso. Coventry and Hngiies' DI4g't, 2 vols. Cown's Trentise. Coweu's Now-York Reports (cot. ofJohnson), 0 v. Cowper'o Eeports, 2 vyoa Coxe's Digest United States Reporti. Cooe's Now-Jersey leports. Crabb on Real Property. Crahb' Hlitcry of tie English Law. Crauch's Renorts. 0 vole. (upreme Court U. S.) Cromptoa, Mcrson and osaoe'a Exchcquer Ro- poril, 2 voes. Cruise on Real Property, new edition, 8 vols, by Prof. Greenlea Curti' Equity Precedents. Curtis on Cop -right. Ccrtis on thoe aw of Patents. CUSHING'S MASS. REPORITS, 5 vol.,D Binaas' Reports, 4 vols. Danlol'a Chnncory Practice. Davies' Reports Day' Connecticut Reports. Delaware Reports. Dclolmo on the English ConasitLnion. Donlo's New-York Reports, 0 vol. DIGEST OF NEW-YORK BEPORTS, 8 vol. Doctor and Student. (IMu~ihll' Dialogues.) Dootrina Placitandl, or System of Pleading. Domat's Civil Law, 2 vola., now ed. Douglas' Reports, 2 vols. Duer on Insurance, 2 vol. Dunlap'a Admiralty Practice. Dunlap'b Paley's Agency. Duponcean on Junridictlon. Durnford's and East's Reports, 8 vola. Dutton's Connecticut Digest. Dyer's Reports, 8 vols.,E East's Crown Law 2 vols. East's Report, by Day, 16 vols Eden on IlJunctlons. Edwards' Chancery Report. Edwards' Juryman'a Guide. Edwards on Parties to Billh n Chancery. Edwards' '"'restio on Justcea' Courts Emtrlgon on Bottomry and Reepondentla. Emnerigon on Insurance. English Chancery Report, condensed. English Common Law Reports, 65 Vols. English Eeelealastlocal eports, conaensed. EnEgllh Excheauer Beorts, 24 vola. EGLIrSH LAW AND EQUITY REPORTS, 10 vole Eealty Dralftsman, by Van Hoythuyson, with Note, by ughes, 1882. sinplnsae on Penal ActloE. EspInsase's Nis Prlis, 2 vole. Esplnsse's sRports, 6 vols.,F Fearno on Cootingent Imainder. Federallst. Fell on Mercantne Guaranty. Field's Analysis of Blaclkuono. Fltzberbert's Natura Brevium. Florida Reports. Fonblanque's Eqnity v , 2 no vo, edition 'with , Notes, by Lanumt. Foster's Crown Law. FOSTER'S NEW-HAMPSHIR E REPORTS, vol. I, ust publisbed. Francli' Maxims In Equity, by Honing.,G . GallLon's Circuit Court Rfo~r, vola. Georgia E eoa . G.Ubeut on A,Gilbert on FJLec'tmut Gilbert on Rentl. Gilbert's Oascs In Law and Equity GOlbert's Oommon Pleas. Gilbert's Daitrcs3 and IBenlovin. Gilbercn Evidence. GUpin'sa Repors (Decislons ofJudge IIopkinaon). Gordon's Dlsget of Laws of United Statce, new ed. Gordon's Digest of Revenue Laws. Gould's Pleading, 2d edit!cn. .Goo on Partuership. Gralsam on Now Trials. Graham's PracUtce oftheaSprnme Court o N. York. Greeuln'as Attorncy' Forms. GREEiNLEAF ON EVIDENCE, 2vol. GRPEENLEAF ON EVIDENCE vol. 8 (in preca GREENLEAF ' CEUISE ON lIEAL lROPER. TY, 3 vl. Greenleaf's Overraled Cae., now. editlon. GREENLEAF'S PRlPORTS, 9 vole. Gresley's Equity Evidence, Notes by Calvert GrifilRth's aw Register, 2 volI. Grlm'o Essay.,H Hale's History of the Common Law. Hale's Pleas of the Crown, 2 vols. Rall on MaritHmo Loans Hall's Admiraly Practice. Hall's Reports of the Superior Court of Now-York. 2 vots. Halted's Digest of New-Jerey Reports. Halsted's NewJersey Reporta, 7 vole. iJrnOmondl on Partles to Action. Hahl.mond's T'reatile on NIsl Prius. lHardro'sa eports. Ilart on tho Dlscovery of Evidence by Bill nd An- ewer in Equity, 1St. Harrison's Chancery, 2 vols. liarrson's Digest, 6 vol. lHarrlson's Digested Index, 8 vols. Harris' Pennsylvnnl Peports, 5 vols. llawkins' Pleas of the Crown. 2 vole. HAYDEN'8 N. Y. JBUTICE, under the Code. IiIghmoro on Lunacy, HHluard on Insurance. Hlllard on Real Property, 2 vol. IlUlard's Abridgment, 2 vols. HIll on Trutees. HlUl's New-York Reports, 7 voL Hinde'a Practiee in Chancery. Hobart's Rpertoa, by Wllams. Ioffman' Legal Study, 2 vola.,new edit., enlared. Hoffinan's Master in Chancery. Hoftimn's Now-York Chancery Practice, 2 vol. Holt's Law of Libel. Hopkins' Chancery Reports. Hovenden on Frauds, 2 vols. Hovenden's Supplement to Vesy, Jr., 2 vols. Howard's Practioe Report, 8 vol. Howard's Supreme Court U. Stateseporls, 12 uet. HoweU's State Trials. Hughes on Insurance.,I Illinols Reports. Indiana Reports. Ingersol's Digest of Laws of United Statea. Ingersol's Translation of Itocus on Insauranco. Iowa Reports.,J Jacob and Walket's Chancery Eoport. Jacobsen's d;a Laws. Jacob's Law Dictionary. JARMAN ON WILLS, 9 vo'l. Jeremy'as Equity Jurisdiction of the Court of Chan cery. Johaeon's Digest of New-York Reports and Sup- plement 8 vola Johnson'a Now-York Cases, 8 vols, now edition. Johnson's Now-York Chancory Reporta, 7 vos. In 8 vols. Johnson' New-York Reporb, 20 vols. now edition, Jones on Bailmonts, new odilionc Jones' Pennsylvana Report, 2 vola, Jaryman's Guide. 6
1.ll'J. J.la, a, .jLID K Klclays Reports Kent's Commentariesa 4 vol., 7th edition. IK'eoucky Reports. linleo's Law Compendium. Iyd on Awards.,L Lawes on Charter Partiea. Lawes on Pleading in Arbunmmlt Law Library, 74 vols. Law of Bnllmrtnte, by Jone. Law of Carrere, by Jeremy. Low of Fixtnres, by Amos & Serard. Law of Lien, by Whittaker. Law of Patents, by Femenden. Law of Patents, by Phllips. Law of Slavery, by Wheeler. Law Iteporter. LAW'S JURISDICTION 'AND PRACTICE OF THE UNITED STATES COUITS. Lawn of United States, by Story 4 vols. Laws of United 8tates, 9osla., glorcn's edition. Lawyer'a Common Place Book. Leach's Crown Law. Leading Cases In Equity. Notea by Hare and Wa.. lace. New edition. 8 vols. Lewis' Criminal Law. Lex Mlrcatorln Americana. Lilly's Entries, 2 vote. Livermore on Agency, 2 vol. Livlngston'a Law Regisato, now edition. Llvingston's Penal Code of Louisiana Lookwood's Reversed Cases. Loin'a Reeorts. Long on Snlea. Louilaann Reports. Lovelass on lWills, &b.,M Macnllly's Evidence, 2vole. Maddoeksn Chancry Practce, 2 vols. Maddock's Ch ncery Rports, 6 vole Maoine Reports. Manning's Digest of Nhl Priat Reports Marvin's Legal Bibliography. Maryland Reports. Mason's Circuit Court Report.. 5 vols. Marnachusetb Reports, IT vols. Miattews on Presumptive Evidene. Maale and Selwyn'sa eports, 6 vola. Marims in Law and Eqnuity, by Hcnlng. MelCord's tS C. Reports, 4 ¥vol Meeson & Welsby's Reporta, 1I vols. Merivale's Chancery Reports, 8 vola. Motealf's aIssachusetts Reports, 18 vole. Mllnota Masechnsett Digeet, 1 voL Mliot's DIgest (Supplement), 1 voL Mih8~ppl-eport. IEtfcrd's Pleadings, new edition, by Edwardas, 188 Montagu on Lien. Montagu on Partnership, 2 vole. Montagu on Sot-Off. Monteforo'a Notarial Precedents. Moore's Index to Term Reports, 2 vols. Nosely'a Chancery Reports. Moaulton' Chncery Pranetieo of the Stato of Now York, 8 vol.,N New Lampshire Reports New Jersey Reports. Noewand on Contracts. Newland's Chancery Praeics, 2 vols. Nonrs Paake's Evidence. North Carolina Reports. Noy' M~xima, by W. W. Henlng.,0 Oliver' nelan PrecSdeala. (I-ve'd Law L Smniary.,iN X ' U'i&ALOUUU. 7 Oliver'a Pralctcal ucouvancer. Opinions of Attorney CenesaL,P Palge's Chancery Reoport, 11 vol. Paine and Duarea Practlce, 2 vols. Palne'n Circuit Court, United States Report. Paley on Agency, by Dun~p. Park on Insrance. Park'a Law of Dower. eako' Evidence, by Norris PesAo's Evdcnce, by Randnll Peero Williams' Chanccry Repcrts, 8 vols Pennsylvania Reports. Peter' Admiralty leports, 2 vol. Petcra' Circuit Court United States Reports. Pters' condensed United Stales Reports, 6 vol. Peters' United States Supreme Court Reports, 1 v. Phillps, Dlgst of Plckering's RBporPs. Phillips on Evidence, new edition, 5 vols. Phillips on Insurance, 2 vols. Philps on Patents. Plckeling's Masmcirhtltts Reports, 24 vols. Platt on Leases, 2 vols. Pothler on Contract of Sale. Potbier on Obllngatios, by Evana, vols Powell on Contracts. Powell on Dovizes. Powell on Mortggee, by Coventry, 8 vole. Powell on Powers. Precedent in Chancer. Preston on Abstracts o Ttle, 8 vols. in 2. Preston on Estates, vola in 1. Preston on Legacies, 1 vol Prichard's Admiralty Diget.,R Rawle on Covenants for Title. Rawlo on the Constitution of the United StataL Ray's Medical Jurisprudence. Reeve on Descent. Reeve'a Domeati elations, new edition. Reeve's English Law, 4 vols. levised Laws of New-York, 1812, vols. Revised Statntea of New-York, 8 vols. Rhede Island Reports. Roberta on Franda new edition. Eoberts on Fraudulent Conveyancing. Roberta on Wllt, and Codicils 2 vols Roblnson's Admiralty Reports, 6 vols. Roper on Law of Husband and WIhY, 2 vols. Roper on Legaiesic, 2 vols. Roper on Wills. Boscoe on Civil Evidence. Roscoe on Criminal Evidence. Rules of the Court of Appeals. Rules of the Superior Court. Rules of the Suprme Court. Rules of the United States Cirhlit Court Rusill on Crimes and Misdemesnors, voI. Rusell's Chancery Reports. utherford'a Insttutes, new edition.,S s8lkelds Reports by Evans, 8 voles Banders on Uses nd Trunts BANDFORDIS REPORTS OF THE NEW.yOR SUPERIOR COURT, 4 vol OR aunders on Pleadlngs and Evidence, 8 vols., new edition. Saanders' Reports, by Willisam and Patteron, 8 Beaton's Forms of Decrees In Equity Sedilck's Measure of Daias, new editien.,PTEN'REPORTS NE YOR COURT OF elion's Practice Courts Of K. B. and CL P. 2 vol telwyn's Nisi Prlus by Whenton and Whbrion, 2v. lergent and Low drsEnoglmis Common Lawn R- porter condensed. serca' on ConatitUonnl Law. eseon Laws of New-Yortr. hae ard's Touchsaonea 3 vols. in Iwo. mit's Chancery Practice. mlth's Coamme ntary on Constlaton and Stattry Smith's Coastittutlonal Law.
8 IXF'WE & COMP.AN'S CATAWGUR Smith's Law of Con~tras snthl'a Iending Cane, now editicn, 2 vols. South Carolna Reports. Upenco e' Eqnltblo Jnritprudonc, 2 vol. Siarki on Crlmintl Pleading. Starkle on Evidence, 8 vol., now edition. Starkle on Slander, new edition. Starkia'l Ni Prins Bep o..2- l- Statutes at Largo of Unled States, 0 vo' and it- doz. Stearns on Real Actiond, now edition. Stephena' Nl PrimU. Stephens on Civil Pleading, new edition. Siephens on Pleading. Stovens and Benocto on Marlne Insurance, by Philips. Stevens on Average. STORY ON AGLOY. STORY ON BAILMENT. STORY ON BILLS OF EXCHANGE. STORY ON CONFLIOT OF LAWS. STORY ON LAW OF CONTRACTS. STORY ON PABTNERSHIP. 8TOPY ON PROMISSORY NOTES. STORY ON SALES. STORY ON THE CONSTITUTION, 2 vol., new edition. STORY'S COCUIT COURT REPORTS. STORY'S EQUITY JUISPBRUDENCE STORY'S EQUITY PLEADINGS. Story's Pleadglns, by Oliver. Study of the Lav. augden on Powers. Sunden on tho Law of Vendors 2 vole., Imp. edition. Sullivan's Lectures on Feudal Law, 9 vole. Sumner's Circuit Court Reports ont. of Mason. Supplement to Yeaoy, Jr'a. Reports, by Hovendon,,vola. Swanston's Chancery Reports, 8 vol. Swill on Evidence. Swl.ta Digest, 2 vols. Svllnuburn on Wills, 8 vols.,T Taunton's Reports, 8 vol. Taylor's Landlord and Tenant. Tylor'a Law Glossary. 'ayler's Precedents of Wills. Tennessee Reports. Texas Beportu Theory of Common law. T''Iomnu' Coke upon Lltlelon, 8 vols. Tldd's Appendix, by Calues Tldd'a Practice, 8 vola. Tillnahazt's Forms. Toler's Law of Execanorj, new edition. Tomlln's Index to Crown Lw. Tonin's Law Dletlonary, by Oranger, 8 vols., 1880. Trial of Aaron Burr fob Treasn, 3 voa. Trial of Judge Peck. Trial of Robert M. Goodwin. Trials of Smith and Ogden.,U UNITED STATES DIGEST, 8 vol.,1 All new and important Law: on their publication.,Second hand Law Books bought c In presenting this Catalogue to tl that the subscribers are always able,Particular attention given to the i to all orders by letter.,!UNITED STATES DIGEST SUPPLEMIET, S vole. UNITED STATES DIGEST TAJ3LE OV' 'C'A 8ES. 1 vol. UNITED STATES DIGEST ANlUIAL, for , t-i' I184, 1BIC, 1830, 4 vois. UNITED STATiE8 D1GEST ANTUJAL, for tS1 (in pres). USlllTD STATES EQUITY DIGEST, 2 vohl. Unied States Session Laws. United Staws Statutes nt Largo, i volo, and Indod:.,v Van ITeylhouyen's Equity Drafmman, now editlon, by Iughes, 18'7. VAN BA'ANTVOORD'S PLEADING UNDER THE CODES (nearly rady). Vattels Law or Nations, by Chltly, new edliton. Vermont Reporis. . Vernon's Chancery Iloports, by Ethby, 2 vo. - Vesey and Beames' Chancery ccporto S° vrls. in 2. VEiEY, JR'S., OCUANOERY EPOBTS, 20 vTh. Vesey, Sen'., Chancery Reports, volas Virginia Reports.,w Wallnco' Blepoi's. Ware's Repor.t Warren'n Law Studies. Washington's Reports Circuit Court United Slates, 4 vole. Weblley lurlslon and Gordon's English Excharuer Iteports, 5 vols. Wendell's Digest. Wendell's Peports (continuation of Cowen), 2 vel .. Wentworth on Executors. Wentworth's Index to do. :; Wentworth's Pleadlng, 10 vols. Wharton's Criminal Law, new edition. Wharton's Law Dictionary. Wharton's Precedent of Indictments. Wharton's Reports. Wheaton on Captures. : Wheaton's Digest, 2 vola. 'Wheaton's International Law. Wheaton's Reports Supreme Court United States, 12 vola, .. Wheeler's Abridgment of all the American Eo.: ports, 8 vol. . Wheeler's Criminal Cases, 8 vols. Wheeler's Law of Slavery. - White and Tudor's Leading Casca In equtly, 8 voal ?. WIIITTAKER's NEW-YORK PRACTICE UN- ;. DER THE CODE AND SUPPLEMENT. Wigram on Discovery. . WIilea' Reports. . Wililams' Cases tn Equity, Temp. Talbot. Williams on Executors, il vole. WUlliams'(Peere), Chanery eports, 8 volse Wills on Circusutantial Evidence, new edition. Wllon'o Reports, 8 vola. Wiseonsin Reports.-' Wodeson's Lectures. 8 vols. Woodfhll's Landlord and Tnaunt. Yates' Forms of Pleandng. Yelverton's Report, by Meieal . Books are received immediately up- or taken in exchange. ie Legal Profession, it will bo seen to furnish complete Law Libraries, importation of Foreign Bools, and LITTLE & COMPANY,,Law Booksellers and Publishers,,53 Stnte Street, Albany.,~rA . . .' "" -- -------,--- I---- '---